I just wanted to get a few thoughts out about everything that happened at SGDQ. So first off this whole past week was simply amazing, probably even my favorite GDQ yet. I was a bit nervous going into it because it seemed like a lot of the people I had hung out with at previous GDQs were not going and the bulk of the KH community that was going were people I barely knew and didn't know if I was going to click with. But it was the exact opposite and as soon as I got there you were all super nice and it felt like we had all known each other for years. 
There were so many highlights from the week that I can't even list them all. One that sticks out to me would be mini golf at mall of america with Beck, Daj, Mist and Waldens. Even just chilling in our hotel rooms at 4 am was always a blast. Mist's 1.5 run was awesome and he did an amazing job along with all the commentators. This brings me to the other thing I wanted to talk about. There was only one real part of the event where I felt down about anything. This was during the whole singing thing during the gummi missions of Mists's 1.5 run. When we were deciding what songs to sing I put myself out there and said I could sing "Evermore" which is from the new Beauty and the Beast movie that was released last year. For anyone that doesn't know, singing in front of other people is something that is extremely hard for me so just putting myself out there with my name on the list of singers was already stressful enough for me. When I got together with Xem, Kasa and Kungfu I think they could tell how nervous I was and they did nothing but encourage me and help me learn the song better which gave me a big boost in confidence and made me feel like I could definitely get on that stage the next day and perform for all those people. But then the next day when I woke up I checked the donation incentives and all the other songs were in the 1000s with donations while mine had a whopping 14$ toward it. I felt crushed and like no one wanted to hear me sing. This was on top of last agdq where there was a bid war for which bbs category should be run and the category I would've ran (Terra Beginner) got barely any money toward it. So basically 2 times in a row I put so much work into something just for no one to wanna watch me show off that hard work. I honestly felt defeated and like I should never try to do anything at a GDQ again. But all the support I got even though I didn't get to go up there and sing was amazing. After the run people were saying they really wish I got to go up there or they even tried to put money towards my song last minute. I even got some people saying they've seen videos of me singing so they know I would've gone up there and killed it. Some people also asked me to give them a private performance, even though that didn't happen I was fully prepared to do that. All of this made me feel really great and inspired to not give up on these kinds of things and keep improving in my singing. Hopefully next GDQ things will work out for me.

Now that I got all of that out I'd like to give a few shoutouts. First I wanna thank Beck. Every GDQ it seems like theres one person I always spend the most time with. Whether I was trying to get something to eat or just chill he was the first person I'd hit up. He even came along to a concert with me and Salad for an artist he'd never heard of. There was also probably some times where I got a little childish and annoying but he never said anything negative to me or told me to go away. So thanks for putting up with me and making my week that much better. Another shoutout I wanna give is to my boi Dax. He would always open up his room for me to come chill with him and is just always super fun and wacky to be around. I would also like to shoutout Xem, Kasa, and Kungfu. I'm clearly no professional singer and when we got together to practice they instantly could tell I was not prepared but they were immediately ready to sit down with me and help me and coach me. Even though I couldn't perform, the 1-2 hours I spent with them definitely gave me valuable experience as a singer and made me feel like singing is something I'm supposed to do and should keep pursuing. Lastly I just wanna shout out my roommates Salad and Jeff (Also Biz for a bit). The whole time we were in the room we were yelling at each other and making fun of each other but it was always a blast. So thanks for putting up with me all week long. Also to Jeff, I'm sorry shit got kinda fucked up at the end of the event, hope to see you again someday.

For anyone that made it this far thanks for reading about my event. I don't usually open up about shit like this but I honestly felt like this was a bit life changing for me. Thanks for an amazing week I hope to see some nerds at AGDQ.