13 
Lucy and the Dolphins 
Slightly adapted from a complete short story by RICHARD BENNETT. 
If you think you are thick, don't worry about it. It doesn't really matter. What matters is that you are happy. If you are brainy like me, it's too much like hard work. Lots of brainy kids like me aren't happy because they always want to be perfect. They always want to get ten out of ten. They always want to get As. I'm brilliant at everything. It makes me sick. I'm the one all the other kids call 'swot', `licker', 'creep' and 'Goody Two-Shoes'. Kids without pens or' pencils come to me.... 'Can I borrow your black pen, Lucy?' Can I borrow your crayons, Lucy?' Can I borrow your ruler, Lucy?' They come to me because they know I will always have everything. But I haven't got everything. I'm not happy. I'm not happy at all. `Lucy Jones'; you see how neat and tidy the name sounds? Everything I do, everything I touch, turns out well. I can do things without even trying. It's just the way I am, tidy, neat and good. At home my mum and dad are very straight, very clever and very proud. My dad works in a bank. My mum works for the Church. Our house is so perfect. I daren't leave a cup on the floor or a crumb on the earpet. My mum would kill me. I have to tidy my room every day before I go to school. I have to clean my shoes and pack my bag the night before. My packed lunch is made three weeks before I need it and frozen. We have a freezer full of packed lunches, marked 'Mum', 'Dad' and 'Lucy'. My dad works on the house every weekend; even when it's raining or temperatures are freezing, my dad will paint the house or pick up dead leaves off the lawn. He doesn't like football; rather pick up dead leaves. I can't talk to mum or dad about the way I feel. I'm not happy. So, I'm going to play a game. I'm going to play with a two pence piece. I'm going to be the servant of the coin. The coin rather than other people decides what I do for a while. I'm going to see what it is like being somebody different. The coin decides what I do. It works like this. I set myself a task and I toss the coin. So let's say I decide the task is to tidy my bedroom. The coin decides, heads for yes, tails for no. I am the servant of the coin. Today the task is to take the wrong packed lunch. The coin said heads... yes. So I took my dad's packed lunch. I felt really bad about it because I knew it would cause a stir. But in a way it was exciting. My dad got home in the evening. He looked as though the world was going to end. He hadn't eaten the sandwiches. His normal day was knocked sideways. He could not cope. He went to bed early and slept. He was in a state of shock. I had made a mistake for the first time in my life and my dad couldn't believe it. He couldn't talk to me about it. He never will. The coin said heads...yes to not taking any pens or pencils to school the next day.