Lecture 1.0.0

First and foremost Richard cleared up the purpose of the course. I was always under the impression COMP2911 was a java/OO course, guess not!

A very valid point is made about academic and scholarly people - very knowledgable but missing the final touch to make their ideas fantastic. I guess this is an area to wary of - to separate an individual from a crowd.

Another issue that was raised is the inexperience of even the most expert designers in technical ability causing a disregard of technical constraints for the craftsmen and the scientists. This often creates disputes between the two parties. I wonder if this is a call to become more of a multi-skilled worker rather then a focused worker, allowing me to be more versatile?

A ridiculous metaphor of solving the wrong problem - Team America - really puts the industry in perspective. Often we are presented with a problem but we think and attempt to solve the problem but along the way, somewhere, the true problem or the actual issue becomes irrelevant or we lose sight of it. This emphasises on the importance of revision and the ability to take a step outside of the design process and to truly judge whether or not it is heading in the right direction.

Lecture 1.0.1.0

It's something I hear a lot from all COMP and SENG lecturers or IT lecturers in general - Software based systems and projects fail at an alarming rate. Truly a very discouraging thing to hear, 50% or more of the things you make in the future are going to turn to absolute waste of time.

On the other hand it really helps pushes the search for the perfect design methodology of software and software based projects. Makes me wonder whether this will ever be possible, from experience software programs of a larger scale usually do not turn out to be what you originally envision it to be.

Finding a partner is always a difficult task in my personal opinion - I have always found it easy to pick my mates to work with but I live in constant fear that Richard's warning will come true, a result which includes the loss of a friend.

I think the system based on effort is quite a nice way to do things.