[quote="Trevorious"]Current ckey and any previous ckeys:
-Trevoriousdafox

Character name(s):
-My main Character is, Ellie 'Coffee' Weaver

Timezone:
-Eastern Standard Time, though I play later usually

Discord tag: 
-Don't Shoot#5955

Any previous experience administrating? Where and in what manner:
-Sadly none

How familiar are you with our ruleset:
-I am very familiar with CMs ruleset and yours is fairly similar, yes.

How long have you been playing TGMC and other servers in general:
-I've been playing SS13 for almost a year now, mostly only on CM but a little on other servers as well.

Have you been banned from any SS13 servers within the past 6 months? If so, what server, and for what reason:
-Yes,  Banned |Duration: 180 minutes|Reason: Improper Escalation, shot a marine who FF'd him. Punched him twice, got disarmed back and opened fire with a pistol. | Tue, October 2nd of 2018.

-Banned from Alien - Admitted to running out and dying on purpose as a larva. | Fri, December 14th of 2018,
Banned from Queen - Admitted to running out and dying on purpose as a larva. | Fri, December 14th of 2018 

-I can explain both of these in detail if needed. 

The larva xeno ban was a bit harsh, I had bursted after my hive died and was one of like three xenos left. 
I stayed larva to try and sneak into the FOB and hit a claymore. 
I was not trying to throw the match for xenos in any way. 
Which is why that rule is usually enforced, but it is what it is.

Have you ever recieved a permanent ban from a server? If so, what server, and for what reason:
-No
 
Why do you want to become an administrator:
- I really enjoy both CM and TGMC respectively, and saw you said you needed some extra help. 
I want to be active in helping in any way I can, if you think I would make a good fit.

Spoiler:
1. A player shoots another player near the start of the round, but the MPs have already detained and brigged him.
-I wouldn't get involved unless the player who was shot ahelped. 
If they ahelped I'd aheal if needed and check the offending players note history. 
If it was a common problem I'd pm them and go from there. 

2. You see a player walking around the ship without any clothes on, looking pretty lost.
-I'd PM them if I wasn't busy and try to give them a rundown of the basics.
If I was busy I'd link them to the wiki and try to get a mentor to help them.

3. A player is getting aggressive in adminhelps and requesting to speak to a higher ranking staff member.
-I'd try to handle it as best I can. 
If they refused to work with me I'd try to get a higher up to talk with them.
If no higher staff were around I'd explain so and go from there.

4. You notice a player with a name that doesn't fit our naming rules. The player is arguing that they've used the name for several years across multiple servers and no one has told them to change it before.
-I would explain that while it may have been okay on another server it's not here.
I would check their notes and if it was a first time thing I'd just warn them and change it to a name they'd prefer that fits our rules.
If it was not the first time, I'd note it and do the same as before. Unless it was a common problem.

5. You see an MT running around in armor and carrying a rifle. The security level is green with no threat present.
-A IC issue as long as he's not running around shooting up the ship. 
I'd keep an eye on him but otherwise wouldn't bother them unless they we're ahelped by other players or went unga on the planet. 

6. The round is stagnating. There are 14 marines and 4 aliens. The marines won't leave the ship, and the aliens won't attack. What would you do, to "encourage" the sides to engage each other?
-Well this is tough because one side HAS to make a first move to keep the round going.
I'd check both sides to see the situation. 
If xenos were all scattered and not trying to rebuild the hive. 
I'd PM the CO/XO and make a High Command announcement, to try and encourage marines to redeploy.

7. A marine is running around disarming other marines and stealing their gear near the beginning of the round.
-I'd see if any MPs are on. 
If so I'd contact them, if not I'd sleep the offending player.
Then I would PM them and the other and ask what they are doing, after checking notes.
If they had a history of this or similar behavior I'd apply a 3 hour ban, if it was just two pals playing around I wouldn't get involved or would just apply a warning/note for LRP behavior.

8. A marine has killed another marine. When you ask him why, he said it was because the other marine had punched him or said something rude towards him.
-I'd PM both players and get the full situation, after checking notes. 
If it was Role played well and both players were happy with it I'd not get involved.
If the player that was killed was not happy and there was little to no RP involved I'd aheal the dead player and a apply a Improper Escalation ban/note.

9. There are minor racist comments going on IC. 9 of the 10 people are laughing and roleplaying but one player gets offended and adminhelps about it.
-I'd ask in OOC for the Racist comments to please stop.
If they continued, I'd PM the players who started it/are making the comments and request they stop.
I'd note them for the behavior if it was too toxic or excessive and if they refused to stop I'd apply a 3 hour ban for rule 1.

10. A marine opens fire at several marines during briefing killing multiple people and logs off before you can message him.
I'd perma ban them and add a note, then aheal all players effected.
If they were new, or didn't know better they can appeal and explain their actions on the forums.

11. You see a larva die near the frontlines. Upon further investigation, you see that they bursted in a safe place far away.
-I'd PM them and ask what happened, if they were one of the last xenos and there was no queen or xenos were seriously out numbered I'd leave the player alone.
If the hive was healthy and the larva ran out to the front I'd see if they were new, and apply a note.
If it was a common problem with the player I'd apply a job ban.

12. You see a xeno excessively saying phrases like "Ayyylmao", "Reeeee" and similar in the hivemind chat.
-Well the server is pretty laid back on things like this I believe but if it was being ahelped or becoming a problem I'd PM them or make a OOC announcement and ask them to stop. 

13. A command staff player mentions during briefing that there might be xenos on the planet.
-Well as long as they weren't being too Meta with it, like warning marines not to get face hugged ect. I'd leave it alone as IC.

14. A marine kills another marine on the Evac Pod to take the last spot, but has roleplayed the situation quite well.
-Well If role played properly and both players are fine with the outcome I'd not get involved.
If it was ahelped and the player could have taken another pod, I'd apply a note and possibly a ban for rule 1.

15. You see an SSD Squad Leader in the preparation room 1 hour into the round. When you check the logs, you notice he logged off near the beginning of the round.
-I'd move them to cryo to open the slot back up. 
Then I'd check notes for a history of SSDing as important roles. 
If there is a history of it the apply job ban, if not then just add a note.

16. You see a member of the staff give wrong information in an adminhelp.
-Use admin chat to try and give correct info to the admin.
Then try to give the player the correct info as well if the other staff has not already done so.

17. You see a member of the staff abusing his powers in-game or otherwise breaking the administrator rules.
-Gather Screenshots, logs ect. 
Inform a higher Staff member, and talk to the staff member about what he's doing..........

18. You see a player bashing another server or player in OOC. 
-I would PM/OOC message them and ask that they stop if it became a issue or was ahelped by another player.
If that didn't work or they refused, I'd apply a 3 hour ban and a note for toxic behavior.[/quote]





















[quote="Urytion"]Ohai Ellie. Your formatting gives me nightmares. Remember to encase spoiler in [].
[spoiler][quote="Trevorious"]
1. A player shoots another player near the start of the round, but the MPs have already detained and brigged him.
-I wouldn't get involved unless the player who was shot ahelped. 
If they ahelped I'd aheal if needed and check the offending players note history. 
If it was a common problem I'd pm them and go from there. 

[/quote]

Please expand on "go from there". What would your reaction be if the shot killed the player?

[quote="Trevorious"]

2. You see a player walking around the ship without any clothes on, looking pretty lost.
-I'd PM them if I wasn't busy and try to give them a rundown of the basics.
If I was busy I'd link them to the wiki and try to get a mentor to help them.

[/quote]

Why would you not refer them to a mentor immediately? It's what they're there for.

[quote="Trevorious"]

3. A player is getting aggressive in adminhelps and requesting to speak to a higher ranking staff member.
-I'd try to handle it as best I can. 
If they refused to work with me I'd try to get a higher up to talk with them.
If no higher staff were around I'd explain so and go from there.

[/quote]

Please expand on "go from there."

[quote="Trevorious"]

4. You notice a player with a name that doesn't fit our naming rules. The player is arguing that they've used the name for several years across multiple servers and no one has told them to change it before.
-I would explain that while it may have been okay on another server it's not here.
I would check their notes and if it was a first time thing I'd just warn them and change it to a name they'd prefer that fits our rules.
If it was not the first time, I'd note it and do