I, Malachi Salamanca, would like to formally petition the Amici Noctis for permission to reclaim the blood of Tiziano Farnese in a holy Monomacy.

I have made the challenge, and it is being delivered by my Priest at present. The terms of the monomacy have not yet solidified, but I will be intending to leave Tiziano's death an open possibility during the Monomacy. I do not wish to diablerize him and have no such intentions.

I believe myself strong enough to best Tiziano physically in the ring, and socially outside of it. I would not be making this petition if I had any doubt left within me.

Without further ado, here are the errors in Tiziano's ways that have lead me to this point:

A) Outspoken Need to Cooperate with Anarchs - Tiziano is hell-bent on cooperating with the Anarch movement and attempting to convert the Anarch movement into the Sword, despite this idea being discussed countless times as a terrible one, with many important members of our Clan and the Sabbat ordering him to stand down. Nevertheless, Tiziano continues to besmirch the reputation of our Clan by continuing to broadcast his destructive ideas.

B) Nearly Causing the Death of Several Lasombra - In Sanctuary, Tiziano deviated from our plan of secret infiltration and admitted to the Baron openly that he was Sabbat, and that Sabbat were present. This lead to a narrow escape and the near deaths of myself, Dorian Alvarez, Obsidian, Valerie Evans, and himself. This also resulted in the capture and possible death of a Dominion of the Black Hand. After this incident, he quickly became known as a laughingstock of the Sabbat, degrading the image of our Clan.

C) Disrespect for the Inquisition - Tiziano has been outspoken against the Inquisition since the day I met him, up to the point where he was summoned to Mexico City by the Grand Inquisitor herself - only to show her the highest level of disrespect by insisting, openly in front of the Sabbat, and to her face, that she holds no authority over him and he owes her no respect. He has also stated he does not recognize any status granted by the Grand Inquisitor, and acted extremely aggressively towards my person when I was working for her. This sort of disrespect and discord sown within our Clan makes us look weak for letting him continue to run his mouth.

D) Intermediary Punishment has Failed - Being removed from his position as Bishop, being muzzled by his pack, and being reprimanded by the Inquisition has done nothing to stop Tiziano's tirades, and has only emboldened him, as he envisions himself to be fighting against the tyranny of his brothers and sisters.

E) Attracting Negative Attention - Simply put, thousands of Cainites hate Tiziano and want his head. My challenge to Monomacy him came amongst five *other* cries to Monomacy him.

As a member of Clan Lasombra, I wish to grant Tiziano the honour of meeting Final Death at the hands of a fellow member of our Clan, instead of the Ventrue, Pander, and Tzimisce who will be next in line to challenge after me.

Simply put, I believe if I don't do it, someone else will in about 90 days after the waiting period is up.

It brings me no joy, but I want to pull the plug with as much respect as I can.

Thank you for reviewing my request. I will abide by any decisions you make.

Regards,

Malachi Salamanca
Judge Inquisitor
Loyal, Devout, Battle-Scarred
Favoured by Maria Sandoza