 
Person: "It's an admirable mean, I suppose...learning how to interpret many of the less orthodox attempts at creative expression. Most dark and horror themes share the burden of being misunderstood, actually. However, knowledge without application is rather useless, so I must ask..." He took one final step towards the giggling moo, leaning close to softly whisper into his ear. "...what do you intend to do with that ability you harbor?"
 
Me: He unintentionally let a soft moo slip past his lips as the male pressed closer. "I.. h-heh, m-my end goal isn't all about being understood or having means of gains, whether that be knowledge, reputability, or wealth." he shot the human a few glances, and dorkily smiled before calming himself down, "No, my works will speak for themselves when I perish, and I will be thankful to have left a stain on the literary and artistic world. Those who do read my writings, and those who see my photography or artistry, will get a better understanding of who I was as a person, and what kind of personality I had." he trailed on, enamoured with his passion, "After I die, I will, metaphorically, live through my accomplishments."

Person: That soft moo made him smile. He then placed a hand on the small of the bovine's back, stroking the arch of the back with his palm in a slow, firm pace. "And what of the interpretations of your prospective audiences? Is your end goal truly about having left a stain, or is it more about what are the ramifications of the collective interpretations generated by your works? Do you ever envision what sort of world could exist with respect to your marks left over?" His hand slowly lowered to that thick, doughy backside, giving it a hard squeeze. "Do you ever think about what sort of stains may be generated based on what you do?"

Me: As his plump rear was grasped, and squeezed, he stomped a hoof hard against the ground below, and let out a loud, feminine gasp. "I.. Yes." he moaned out, his eyes fluttering from the actions of the human. "I sometimes do wonder if, and how, those who see my works, will respond to them." *he murred, now." "I don't think of it much, as any creator would have a biased perspective while answering such a question --" he stopped short, rethinking his words, and then spoke, again, "As careless as it is for me to say, I couldn't care less. Edgar A. Poe was slandered when he tried to publicize his works, but now he's an iconic poet. I'd also light to shed some light on how art is enterpreted, as it's a brilliant concept." he suggested, and fiddled about with his paws, locking fingers together by their joints, and further messing about, as he droned on. "There are many variations of art, and many styles that accompany those, these styles are unique to the individual artist's that create art, such as writing, paintings, music, and a bunch of other things that cannot be replicated by someone else. There's also art that involves the preservation of carcass, suspended in a special substance, and on display in containers. This is a form of 'abstract' art, and it's beautiful to see such works. I do find the idea quite un-nerving, however I also see it as an exploration in art, as art doesn't have to be beautiful, or appealing to others, it just has to have meaning, and it can have meaning only to the creator, and still be art." he explained, trying his best not to veer off topic, and made an attempt at comparing the obscure carcass art to his own works."I don't need to have a positive reaction from the majority to be happy, as I know that there will be those who don't just judge something by what it so blatantly appears to suggest, but by what it REALLY means, and how it defines itself, and what the history is behind it." he stammered, struggling to form, into words, what was eating away at his mind. "I know there will be those who understand, and those who won't. This is why I wish to leave a stain, rather than an impact." he snickered at a relation that came to mind, and openly spoke it, "With a stain, you wonder how it got there, what it is, and who did it. The history, the meaning, and the creator. With an impact, you want to know who did it, and why it happened. That's the history. There is no meaning."