IM: Blah, blah, blah.
IM: Words, Words, Words
IM: Look at me I'm Diogen I can make speeches and think names are dvmb.
IM: You sovnd like a tool shed
IM: A long winded one at that too.
IM: It really is quite incredible if it wasn't also awfvl
IM: So ya

Spinydoughnut33
SC: Drunkard, that is your opinion!
SC: Regardless, I need of you a construction service, to add verticality to this hive!
SC: I was told by a talking flame that I must reach a floating figurative gate, and I cannot do so without your assistance on the matter!

intoxicatedManic
IM: The sky is pretty, bvt ya I’ll get on that in a minvte

Spinydoughnut33
SC: Finished your ruminating on the sky, drunkard?!
SC: For it has been several minutes, and yet this hive has not gained a single inch of height!
SC: I understand this is a vice of yours, but do not let it effect others! 
SC: That is a path that leads only to hardship!

intoxicatedManic
IM: Sorry I’m going thovgh a tvnel and can’t  hear yov.

Spinydoughnut33
SC: Do not be disingenuous, drunkard!
SC: We are in this together! We must work as such!
SC: A sense of comradery is what is needed, as tolerance is a virtue!
SC:  I have tolerated you, for example, despite your numerous flaws!
SC: But, of course, no being is perfect! To live is to be imperfect! It is what makes us all unique!
SC: If not for uniqueness, there would be no reason to have ambition, to change, to grow!
SC: I have said one should strive to be moderate! When I say everything in moderation, I mean it!
SC: Every thing, I say! Even things such as envy and jealousy are completely healthy!
SC: Of course, one should not have overextended experiences! Lest one turn spiteful in their soul!
SC: I can see them, you know! Those whose hearts are blackened with ulterior motives!
SC: They stick out like sore opposable digits! I know you to not be one of them, drunkard, for I have seen you with my own eyes! That is why you must not give in! It is always a tragedy to see a noble soul fall into itself with despair and loathing!
SC: Do you understand, drunkard?!(edited)

intoxicatedManic
IM: Sorry I went to get some to nibble on did I miss something?
IM: Also I think we have had this talk already
IM: Obviovsly I'm imperfect as their is no svch thing as perfection as their is no reason for anything 
IM: We are just meat sacks floating in an uncaring void
IM: Never to be remembered 
IM: Never needed
IM: So why not rage and enjoy all the things 
IM: Why limit yovrself 
IM: Do yov vnderstand?(edited)

Spinydoughnut33
SC: If I choose to not do something, that is not limiting! It is for the same reason a person would not overwater plants, or overfeed their lusus, that I do not indulge in excess myself!
SC: This world is finite, and thus at some level we all must be cognizant of our intake! To be excessive is to be wasteful!
SC: And, you are wrong when you assume I do not enjoy myself! It is quite the opposite!
SC: I enjoy everything I do! Even when I am angry or disappointed, it is to an end that will be eventually satisfactory!
SC: True, the universe itself is uncaring, but what does it matter?! We do not interact with it at such a level to be meaningful anyway! The meaning of life is one you define yourself!
SC: I am adamant in my opinion that a goal in life is one of the six things a person needs to be happy and healthy, in mind and body!
SC: If you drown yourself in material comforts, then it will cloud your judgement from realizing what makes you truly content! In this sense, enjoying "all of the things" will ultimately lead to a life wasted!
SC: You will never realize your full potential if you bask in the light of others' laurels!

intoxicatedManic
IM: Oh bvt I'm not basking no no no 
IM: Basking wovld be oh so very boring
IM: So I refvse
IM: Instead I will jvst have what I want as their is nothing to need
IM: And as their is nothing to need that only leaves wants
IM: So why not indvlge them if they all we have?

Spinydoughnut33
SC: You do not have needs, you say?! What foolhardy!
SC: Are you not living?! Will you not keel over dead from starvation or dehydration?!
SC: You may have whatever you like, but only up to as much as you need!
SC: Eat only when you are hungry! Drink only when you are thirsty!
SC: It is obvious, the concept is not complicated!

intoxicatedManic
IM: The voices in my head seem pretty happy and they are dead.
IM: So why is living a need if the dead are happy?
IM: It is jvst a want 
IM: It is svperflvovs 
IM: As with time everything dies
IM: Even death itself
IM: Thvs living is not a mvst just a want.(edited)

Spinydoughnut33
SC: My, what a sight! You speak as if there is no joy in the world, drunkard!
SC: As for your ridiculous claim, I would merely say that the dead are not healthy!
SC: What more else is there to say?! Your points are near invalid!
SC: We were given this life to live it! Life should not be wasted doing unnecessary things!
SC: What is so alien about that concept to you?!

intoxicatedManic
IM: Cavse yovr philosophy means that my life has been a waste 
IM: My life isn’t a waste thvs yov mvst be wrong. 
IM: Joy is not innate
IM: joy is fovnd in things.

Spinydoughnut33
SC: Of course joy is found in things! Do you take me for a dullard?!
SC: I simply experience only the joy that I need, sparing the world from expending more than it needs to on a simple creature like myself!
SC: If one experiences too much joy, and thus is ceaselessly joyful, I think we would both agree that such a person is insane!
SC: Hardship and despair exist, and are just as needed as joy or contentment!

intoxicatedManic
IM: Or maybe we are the crazy ones as we need things to have joy?

Spinydoughnut33
SC: Of course we are not! Everything in life happens in sequence! A cause, and an effect!
SC: Being joyful with no cause is inherently ridiculous, and obviously makes one insane!

intoxicatedManic
IM: What if the effect is the creation for the cavse?
IM: Would it then be cavse and a cavse or effect and an effect?
IM: What abovt addiction and innately irrational behavior patterns?

Spinydoughnut33
SC: You ask hypotheticals, drunkard, but I would like examples!
SC: Truths that actually exist in the world, not ones made by your semantics!
SC: To answer your only valid question, addiction and irrationality are simply diseases to be cured!

intoxicatedManic
IM: Something is only hypothetical vntil it become reality
IM: Yovr just avoiding the qvestion
IM: Do thing simply becavse they are rational is in itself not rational as it cuts ovt ovr finely honed instincts and emotions
IM: Sometimes Irrationality is itself the rational option, which make it hard for me to believe that it is a diseases
IM: Thovgh it is nice to know yov think I'm sick
IM: As talking with yov is making me a tad ill

Spinydoughnut33
SC: What nonsense you spout!
SC: We are creatures of flesh and blood, of course we feel emotion and instinct!
SC: Those phenomena are not irrational in the slightest!
SC: Irrationality, at its core, is refusing to listen to reason and substituting it with 
no reason of your own!
SC: Emotion and instinct are reasons! Poor ones, but they are!
SC: A debate cannot flow if one is being irrational! Like you, drunkard, as you oxymoronically state that rationality is irrational, and that in turn irrationality is rational!
SC: I do not know how to respond to such a ridiculous statement! You have done it, drunkard! You have rendered me speechless with your words!(edited)

intoxicatedManic
IM: Trvly a miracle for the ages.