Cameron coker, This is my letter of resignation. I could not care less about your opinion on me now since you already know that i abused ect. But let me ask you this. What have you done to prevent all this from happening, the answer is nothing. You bought the server for 1 reason, that reason was because jens came home from work, didnt do anything on the server and then he just made it worse and you know what, he atleast had a hoster. You have litterly put chaincraft on my shoulders and on Opeh's shoulders and im seriously tierd of your shit. I feel bad for any admin that is now under your leadership since you don't know for shit how to run a server. You just dont care I have put in tears,sweat and blood into chain and im not gonna be apart of the staff team that puts it in it's grave forever and trust me it will. With bobs and karsteen as the 2 highest ranks in the staff team ( chatmods) you wont succeed at all. You just dont see whats neccessary for the server. All you go after is if the person is "chill" or not which isnt fucking relevant in this matter since the server will die, and i hope you are happy because it's ALL your faulth. You are the worst leader that Chain has ever had and i sincerely hope that you will sell it to someone who cares more than you. You have 0 social life 0 work 0 friends STILL you dont have time for a Minecraft server and you just ignore all the problems right under ur nose and im sick and tierd of it. All you have is School which you don't even have now since break but still you tell Opeh all the time that "i dont have time" I will never in my life serve under you if you don't change because you thought 3fps was bad but ur the definition of horrible. All you do is complain but we are the one's who should complain on you. ALL the t-mods and mods do more than you. This saturday i came home in hope that chain was working as it should (day after SOTW) No one was online only 9 poeple and the clock was half past 8, you were online on discord but not on chain, not any admin was there to support but guess who was there. YEAH thats right the only fucking good admin that you have now demoted, and all you have left is Opeh and he aint gonna run chain on his own. I litterly had to work for on chain for 6 hours straight that saturday and all i had with me was xrol and kush 9fo and liqrs
us 5 ran chaincraft that entier day because not anyone of ur useless staff cared enough to join. And since you demoted me kush n rol, who u thinking is gonna host the fucking server now huh? I hope you are fucking happy you greasy haired fuck, i hate you deeply for making chain what it is today and people already relised what you have done. So yea Good bye cameron, see you in the chats, nvm u got ur ghost to talk to. linkish is back bitch have a horrible break <3