DB #1: The EPA, also known as the Environmental Protection Agency is a part of the federal government that has one singular duty: to protect the environment and preserve it for future generations. The EPA has a plethora o goals that are aimed at making the world and the environment a better place. First, climate change and air quality are a major concern for the EPA and have been for some time now. The agency wants to ensure that climate change is addressed and future repercussions are mitigated against through a worldwide effort; the same is true for air quality. America’s waters is another variable that the EPA focuses on. Further, sustainable development for the United States has long been yet another goal of the EPA. Over the years, they have been wildly successful but there is still a long way to go when it comes to cleaning up communities and helping development come to fruition. Pollution and the safety of chemical transfers is a newer goal that the EPA has been working hard towards bringing to the forefront due to the pollution caused by improper dumping of chemicals in landfills, our water and alike areas that can have ramifications for millions. Altogether, the primary goal of the EPA is to protect human health and the environment through the use of enforcing both laws and ensuring compliance is adhered to. Carson states, "The most alarming of all man's assaults upon the environment is the contamination of air, earth, rivers, and sea with dangerous and even lethal materials." (Carson, pg 1) With this in mind, Carson has the same vision when it comes to what she believes is wreaking havoc on Earth. Next, "To adjust to these chemicals would require time on the scale that is nature's; it would require not merely the years of a man's life but the life of generations." (Carson, pg 2) Again, Carson is right on the money and shares the same vision with the EPA when it comes to the severity of the situation at hand. For man to recover from the devastation that has been carried out onto planet Earth and the continued abuse, a lot must change. In all, Carson and the Environmental Protection Agency are on the same page when it comes to protecting the environment and what must occur for our environment to remain a livable place for millennia to come.