Two of my qualities, I consider important for problem solving and representative of myself, manifested in my early childhood – intense focus, patience and attention to detail on one side and competitiveness and quickness on the other.

When I was quite young I enjoyed studying geographical atlases, drawing… I could spend hours silently looking at things, trying to understand and to recreate them to the best of my ability. My parents often remark that at times like that they would forget that they had a kid to watch over. 

Growing up with two brothers competitiveness came naturally to me. Almost everything I did I made more  interesting by looking at them as a competition. From competitive sports like football or chess, through activities like playing guitar, learning languages quickness and speed were always something that I felt like separated me from the others, and perhaps were the reason why such a point of view was interesting to me (with possible exception of football). 

In mathematics I found both my qualities to be quite relevant and useful, once again that may be, among other things, what drew me towards it. Although during my years in highschool competitions I mostly relied on the latter and at university on the former, I hope to make use of both of them in my further academic work, and think that mathematics is a place to make the most of it.

My first contact with problem solving was through elementary school competitions, mainly in mathematics, which naturally guided me towards specialized class for mathematics which i entered in 7th grade. There I started competing in physics and informatics, and in them competing more seriously than in mathematics. Studying physics motivated me to learn calculus earlier and start reading undergraduate level books and studying informatics turned my focus to algorithms and combinatorics.

However during last two years of high school I noticed that parts of those subject that I found most engaging and interesting are in fact mathematical in nature and thus decided to pursue degree in mathematics rather than computer science or physics.  Since I did most of undergraduate first years mathematics in my highschool I took many extra courses from the start of my undergraduate studies and therefore completed them in two years allowing myself to spend this year applying for masters and listening to courses I find interesting on master course in my university. 

“The noblest ambition is that of leaving behind something of permanent value” - words of G. H. Hardy I found inspiring enough to use as a finishing point of my cover letter for application to Bsc at Cambridge, for which I earned a place but not the stipend, I still consider them to represent what my greatest ambition is. However although that is one of the reasons I chose to do mathematics it is not the reason why I study and solve problems every day. I do it because I like doing it and I do it because I consider myself good at it.

At university I came into contact with many subjects I was previously, if not entirely then mostly, oblivious to. As was to be expected some of them I found more interesting than others, Graph theory, Theory of algorithms and Probability for example, in everything I came upon curiosity led me to explore it until  I felt like nothing short of working on it to the point of feeling pride in my understanding of it was an option. 

On the other hand as of yet I was by the most part exposed to mathematics already thoroughly researched and figured out, and would like nothing more then to have an opportunity to be at a place where I could learn new things and be able to make use of them in a world class and relevant mathematics, guided by experts who are the top of their fields (Fields), and am strongly convinced that in that regard ETHZ is a place only a few others can compare themselves to.

Lastly I feel the need to stress that because of the differences in living standards of our countries my parents could not afford the expenses of my studies in Switzerland, because of that I am applying for Excellence Scholarship and Opportunity Award.