Making it Affordable
Jaw Surgery Cost can be high.  And finding affordable jaw surgery options can be a difficult task, as jaw surgery can be an expensive procedure.  Fortunately there can be significant cost savings when surgery is done outside at McGann Facial Design, or in a surgicenter.  By using office-based jaw surgery in San Diego and modern forms of outpatient anesthesia these costs can be decreased dramatically. Dr. McGann’s goal is to decrease the cost of this very valuable surgery while still providing excellent care.

Many patients are concerned that their insurance will reject their claims for jaw surgery. Sometimes it can be difficult to obtain jaw surgery insurance.  However, at McGann Facial Design, we specialize in corrective jaw surgery and are very successful with claims to insurance plans.  It often requires significant work and skill to obtain coverage for these life changing surgeries, but the staff at McGann Facial Design has an excellent track record with orthognathic surgery insurance coverage.  And this helps greatly to reduce the jaw surgery cost.

If insurance does not cover the surgical procedure, we can perform surgical procedures in our office at a reduced cost.  McGann Facial Design is a safe environment, and is California-certified for general anesthesia.  The state of the art facility provides the safety of a hospital environment at a dramatic cost reduction.  McGann Facial Design is also across the street from Sharp Memorial Hospital, providing an extra layer of safety. Jaw Surgery cost for corrective jaw surgery done in our office can be less than half of costs for orthognathic surgery done in a hospital.

An online article shows the breakdown of costs for patients. A large majority of the costs are for operating room charges.  Hospital operating rooms often overcharge for surgical procedures, and then use inflated charges to pay for much of the unreimbursed or uninsured care that they provide. Because we do not have a public emergency room, we do not have such costs and we are able to charge a much more affordable rate for corrective jaw surgery.

Another problem faced when understanding costs is the lack of estimates provided by hospitals. Hospital’s have very complex fee schedules leaving the patient unsure of the cost of surgery.  The hospital basically has a “blank check” to bill you for your procedures.  In a surgical treatment performed at Dr. McGann’s office, you will be given an estimate of the costs of treatment prior to surgery. The only variable cost you will incur is the time of anesthesia, based on the time of surgery and recovery.  As opposed to a hospital, which can charge over $30,000 for a procedure, a surgery performed at McGann Facial Design can be estimated at between $10,000 and $15,000.

Not every case can be done in the office based on complexity or a compromised health history, but a majority can be done in office to decrease costs, increase convenience, and comfort.  Office-based jaw surgery provides an attractive option for people looking for a more affordable option for their corrective jaw surgery.

PREVIOUS POST: Is Jaw Surgery Painful?
NEXT POST: Is Jaw Surgery Covered By Insurance?
FOLLOW US

 

LINKS

American Association of Oral and Maxillofacial Surgeons (AAOMS.org)
Anatomage
Image Sciences International
International Association of Oral and Maxillofacial Surgeons
McGann Facial Design
Oral And Reconstructive Specialty Center
Video: Orthognathic Surgery
Video: Orthognathic Surgery II
RECENT

Before and After
Is Jaw Surgery Covered By Insurance?
Making it Affordable
Is Jaw Surgery Painful?
Liquid Diets After Jaw Surgery