1. 
(Mega Metagross has access the priority move Bullet Punch as well as a wide movepool, making it rather unpredictable)
vs
[Mega Metagross has access to priority STAB Bullet Punch and a wide variety of coverage moves, such as Ice Punch, Thunder Punch, Earthquake, and Hammer Arm. These coverage moves allow it to cover certain weaknesses Mega Metagross or its teammates have, carving a niche for this Pokemon.]

2. 
(Steel / Psychic typing grants Mega Metagross great resistances such as Psychic, Dragon, Fairy, Ice and Steel as well as a immunity to Poison, allowing it to serve as a offensive check to common Dragon, Fairy, Steel and Psychic types such as Salamence, Xerneas, Necrozma-Dusk-Mane and Deoxys-A)
vs
[Mega Metagross's great defensive typing grants it an immunity to Poison as well as resistances to Fairy, Psychic, Normal, Flying, Ice, Rock, Steel, Dragon, and Grass. This allows it to check many offensive threats, some of which are Xerneas, Mega Salamence, Mega Lucario, and Deoxys-A.]

3. 
(Mega Metagross’s good physical bulk allows it to take at least 1 hit from the likes of Marshadow, Mega Salamence and Mega Lucario and retaliate with a super-effective coverage move)
vs
[Mega Metagross's good overall bulk allows it to tank hits from Pokemon like Mega Salamence and Mega Lucario and then retaliate back with Ice Punch and Hammer Arm, respectively, to OHKO.]

4. 
(Unfortunately, Mega Metagross is weak to 4 of the most prominent attacking types in the tier: Ground, Dark, Ghost, Fire, making it weak to common Pokemon in the Ubers tier such as Primal Groudon, Yveltal and Mega Gengar)
[Mega Metagross doesn't have a good offensive typing, making it weak to common Ghost- and Dark-type threats such as Lunala, Arceus-Ghost, Mega Gengar, and Yveltal.]

5. 
(Running Mega Metagross stops you from taking another Mega Evolution such as Mega Mewtwo X or Mega Salamence, both able to offer better offensive presence and check more Pokemon)
[Running Mega Metagross in your team comes in exchange for not being able to run a different Mega Evolution like Mega Lucario or Mega Salamence, both of which are able to check more Pokemon and offer better offensive presence for the team.]

6.
(Ice Punch hits Dragon-types such as Mega Salamence, Rayquaza, Giratina and Zygarde-C for super effective damage)
[Ice Punch lets Mega Metagross check and OHKO Mega Salamence and deal a good amount of damage to Zygarde-C.]

7. 
(Hammer Arm allows Metagross to hit Ferrothorn and non-Chople Berry Extreme Killer Arceus, but lowering Mega Metagross's speed is not beneficial to the momentum)
[Hammer Arm allows Mega Metagross to 2HKO Ferrothorn and check some variants of Extreme Killer Arceus when used in conjunction with Bullet Punch.]

8. 
(As Mega Metagross is mainly used to check Xerneas, it should avoid taking any kind of residual damage such as Leech Seed from Ferrothorn and Celesteela)
[Avoid letting Mega Metagross take unnecessary damage from resisted hits, Leech Seed, and Iron Barbs, as it requires the HP to check Xerneas and Mega Salamence. Predict switches into Pokemon like Ferrothorn and Celesteela and go to teammates like Primal Groudon to check them entirely.]