GET A GOOD MEAL PLAN, if you're dining on campus that is. 3 meals a day, no matter the size of each is good to stay awake and functional.
GO TO BED ON TIME. At least, have a time you are in your dorm room and in bed with the lights off. This doesn't apply to weekends or when you don't have classes the next day etc etc.
Study as early and turn in assignments in advance as you possibly can. Being able to leave early during finals week/having earned free time makes college so much better.
Your gym is free, use it. Even if its just cardio. Getting your heart rate up on a consistent basis makes long study and reading so much less painful.
Figure out your friend's schedules, so you can know when/if someone's available. Having a place to go or people to be with outside of your privacy is really valuable.
If you don't eat any other meal, eat breakfast.
Coffee is your friend, energy drinks are a crutch.
WATER
Rent your books through amazon or a third party DO NOT BUY THEM FROM THE ON CAMPUS BOOK STORE. Unless your book is in a subject you will want to keep around/have an avid interest in (like me and art history) you do not need to buy any books.
Always, ALWAYS have alternative options for classes you take. If you make it through the first week of a class and you cannot stand it, take something else. Unless it is ABSOLUTELY 100% REQUIRED and only offered in a time frame that is NECESSARY to get your degree on schedule you should consider other options AS SOON AS POSSIBLE.
Check your email religiously.



fun fact
my college was closing the school's philo department due to lack of interest my senior year
so they were really trying to get people to take philo classes since it was your last chance etc etc
my friend savannah took philo 101 and the first day the professor was like "you're not allowed to raise your hand and give and opion unless you're over thirty"
and i was like
oh
good
im glad they're unemployed now
jewel "osco" - Today at 5:21 PM
yo WHAT
baba "booey" - Today at 5:22 PM
yea
not even joking
jewel "osco" - Today at 5:22 PM
the fuck is this
baba "booey" - Today at 5:22 PM
she said it was just a class of boomers jerking themselves off and naval gazing
i cant even imagine
jewel "osco" - Today at 5:22 PM
i would rather not!
baba "booey" - Today at 5:22 PM
you know why socrates was so smart?
jewel "osco" - Today at 5:23 PM
that sucks man for real
baba "booey" - Today at 5:23 PM
because he wasn't always on that damn phone(edited)
jewel "osco" - Today at 5:23 PM
people that were genuinely interested in philosophy probably had the experience ruined for em
i always see philo courses as open discussions n stuff
but that sounds awful
baba "booey" - Today at 5:23 PM
i mean to be fair people that take philo 101 are usually the dumbest people
lets be real here
jewel "osco" - Today at 5:24 PM
im just really gay dude
baba "booey" - Today at 5:24 PM
that article on the onion guy in philosiphy 101 class needs to shut the fuck up
is NOT satire
jewel "osco" - Today at 5:24 PM
yea im sure people feel like
immortal
baba "booey" - Today at 5:24 PM
"yeah you know i really like nietzche since he really valued strength over committee which is something i really relate to since i have no power outside of systems"
jewel "osco" - Today at 5:25 PM
after they take the class w/ no previous knowledge
baba "booey" - Today at 5:25 PM
philo 102 or a specicialized course probably isnt that bad
but philo 101 was a hard no for me
i was more into art history
jewel "osco" - Today at 5:25 PM
you talk to any1 who took it
philo101
baba "booey" - Today at 5:26 PM
yeah
jewel "osco" - Today at 5:26 PM
what do they be saying ?
baba "booey" - Today at 5:26 PM
one guy i knew who was really racist liked it besides all the "leftist preamble"
jewel "osco" - Today at 5:26 PM
LMAO
baba "booey" - Today at 5:26 PM
(i do not like this person)
and savannah
and she was like
i just never showed up and he didnt take attendance so
i just did the homework, took the final, then left
and i was like cheers
jewel "osco" - Today at 5:27 PM
bless
baba "booey" - Today at 5:27 PM
she was really determined to go to class at first
and i was like
you REALLY do not need to
and she was like
yknow you fuckin right
pro-tips for college
if you have gen-ed classes you need to take
(which you will)
take them online
you never have to see anyone in person
its fucking awesome
jewel "osco" - Today at 5:30 PM
any other tips
baba "booey" - Today at 5:30 PM
never
and i mean
NEVER
jewel "osco" - Today at 5:30 PM
i start in january
baba "booey" - Today at 5:30 PM
take an 8am
unless you absolutely have to
jewel "osco" - Today at 5:30 PM
i feel this
baba "booey" - Today at 5:31 PM
what are you majoring in
bc i mostly have art major experience
but also good general advice cuz i knew a lot of people
jewel "osco" - Today at 5:35 PM
im goin in w/ history
since that’s kinda  a blank spot for me
baba "booey" - Today at 5:35 PM
history is cool
jewel "osco" - Today at 5:36 PM
oh word?
baba "booey" - Today at 5:36 PM
i hope you like READING
jewel "osco" - Today at 5:36 PM
UH OH
baba "booey" - Today at 5:36 PM
are you living on campus or off
jewel "osco" - Today at 5:36 PM
on
for the first year at least
or i think they kick u out after the first or sumn
baba "booey" - Today at 5:37 PM
do you have solo or roomate living shituation
jewel "osco" - Today at 5:37 PM
i dont think the housing thing is open yet
im spring connection
baba "booey" - Today at 5:37 PM
i see
jewel "osco" - Today at 5:37 PM
i kinda wanna do solo but i also dont really wanna kill myself either
baba "booey" - Today at 5:37 PM
get
a
jewel "osco" - Today at 5:37 PM
so i might roll the dice w/ two
baba "booey" - Today at 5:37 PM
solo
dorm
your mental health will thank you
jewel "osco" - Today at 5:38 PM
yeah
u probably rite
baba "booey" - Today at 5:38 PM
i have legit anxiety over sleep and sleep deprivation from shitty living situations
get a solo
jewel "osco" - Today at 5:39 PM
my parents are always like “u should live w/ someone!!! you’ll learn how to live w/ ppl!!!” and in my head im always like, Imma Keep It Real W/ U Chief, No.
baba "booey" - Today at 5:39 PM
yeah no
jewel "osco" - Today at 5:39 PM
but i havent applied for anything yet
baba "booey" - Today at 5:39 PM
are you an honors student or do they have a system like that at yr university
jewel "osco" - Today at 5:39 PM
uhhh
idk
baba "booey" - Today at 5:40 PM
whats yr high school gpa
like is it above 3.2?
jewel "osco" - Today at 5:41 PM
probably
im trying to find my transcript
baba "booey" - Today at 5:41 PM
okay
if you DO
you are LIKELY an honors student
(some schools are diff)
but if there's an option for an honors dorm
get in that ish
jewel "osco" - Today at 5:42 PM

baba "booey" - Today at 5:42 PM
OKAY
yeah
but honors students are QUIET
because they have to be good students to keep the dorms right
regular dorms? people legit fight and rape each other
not joking
it SUCKS
and its hard to live there
jewel "osco" - Today at 5:43 PM
are tou serious
jesus
baba "booey" - Today at 5:43 PM
people also pull FIRE ALARMS at FOUR IN THE MORNING
sometimes MULTIPLE TIMES IN A ROW
honors dorms? that shit NEVER happens
jewel "osco" - Today at 5:44 PM
where tf are u at
thats brazy
baba "booey" - Today at 5:44 PM
the south baYBEE
jewel "osco" - Today at 5:44 PM
:expecting_woman::skin-tone-1:
baba "booey" - Today at 5:45 PM
tennessee the home of the kkk and the GRAND OLD OPREY
jewel "osco" - Today at 5:45 PM
i’ve been to private schools like my whole life so i’ll probably be obliterated the first year
baba "booey" - Today at 5:46 PM
honestly just being around people who want to be in college rather than people that just go is so much healthier
you'll feel safer and less alone trust me
jewel "osco" - Today at 5:46 PM
this is good news
baba "booey" - Today at 5:47 PM
and if your honors dorm doesnt have solo rooms
i guarantee that you'll get a better roomate in an honors dorm by far
jewel "osco" - Today at 5:49 PM
yea i could imagine
ive always been in honors classes
so ppl have been nice
n civil
baba "booey" - Today at 5:49 PM
yeah
not in gen ed classes
jewel "osco" - Today at 5:50 PM
rest in peace
baba "booey" - Today at 5:50 PM
just the worst people
thats why you take that ish online
jewel "osco" - Today at 5:51 PM
makes sense
baba "booey" - Today at 5:53 PM

you will become like this frog for of being good student
jewel "osco" - Today at 5:55 PM
i would very much like to be this friend
he seems well-rounded and open
baba "booey" - Today at 5:56 PM
yes!
yes!
also like
just make friends in your major
jewel "osco" - Today at 5:56 PM
hes also round in general but
thats a given
baba "booey" - Today at 5:56 PM
because you'll see those people the most
jewel "osco" - Today at 5:56 PM
tru
im already framing it in the context of competition again
i’ve really gotta
relax
or i will be cold
baba "booey" - Today at 5:57 PM
its not a race!
anyone that makes it a competition isnt worth hanging around
at least not from my experience as an art major
jewel "osco" - Today at 5:57 PM
i just have had a competitive attitude a lot of my life
but then again like
baba "booey" - Today at 5:58 PM
that's a good drive to have so long as you're not a dick about it
jewel "osco" - Today at 5:58 PM
if i am not semi-good at sumn when i start i just end up doin the bare minimum
and thats not really good either
but yea i get u
baba "booey" - Today at 5:59 PM
its good for motivation
and having passion is necessary
baba "booey" - Today at 6:00 PM
if youre not there to do good there's no point
but other people can be helpful its just trying to maintain a balance
jewel "osco" - Today at 6:03 PM
you speak truths
baba "booey" - Today at 6:03 PM
ALSO
just good advice