Hey everyone! With changes in life circumstances over the years, streaming has gone from a commonplace thing to an occasional thing when I have time. I still enjoy streaming, and constantly work towards figuring things out to do it more often, so don't stress, this isn't a "I'm done streaming" Pastebin or anything. The thing is, I've reached an odd position where my newest passion and aspiring career, music composing, has become my main focus of where I invest a lot of my free time. What comes with this is me following multiple others in the game development world, along with fellow game composers, and them subsequently following me back sometimes. My Twitter account has become an odd melting pot of people following me for my Twitch streaming, people following me for my random ramblings, (some people) for the art I share and RT, and I feel like it's about time to spread them apart to appropriate channels, so people who follow me for one thing aren't having their timelines filled with my other tweets (especially the art...I retweet a lot of art lol).

What this means:

This new account will be my account for Twitch related purposes. That was the original purpose of my original account, but honestly I feel like 75% of my followers on it are from now inactive accounts of people who used to follow me, so it would be better to have a more appropriate follower count, even if it will be significantly less (not that it really makes a difference). I also have game dev people following it, and it would be easier to round up my twitch followers to this one than the other group. I'll be unfollowing people gradually on that account and refollowing (most) of the art and twitch people on this new account. This will be the account where I talk about those things and just casual chatting, while my old channel will be where I share more stuff involving game music and game dev talk, and will make it more "official". I'll still share my compositions on this account too, since it's fun for everyone (and I need exposure, help a fella out *hint hint*).

I think this has been a long needed move on my part, I think it will be for the better. :)