    Yuji Anon 6:39 pm
        ...
        You know my name because?
    
    
    Yuji Anon 6:46 pm
        Well that isn't creepy at all
    
    
    
    true my drug 6:47 pm
        Because of Chantel.
        I've known your name since like...Jan, dude.
        But, she blocked me didn't she? >.o
    ...

 shiroyama yuu 12:50 pm
    ...Wait, I didn't even know your name then.
    How...

 shiroyama yuu 12:50 pm
    I knew your name when Victoria started dating you.

 irnbruin 12:51 pm
    your friends are creepy
    Probs why you blocked her

 shiroyama yuu 12:52 pm
    -Snort- She and I got into it...

 irnbruin 12:52 pm
    About?

 shiroyama yuu 12:53 pm
    -Scratches at her nose.- Her husband...her life has been crap and she said he's been pushing her away and it kinda blew up from there.
    He basically hates me because she and I have dated before but we're WAY past that. I can see where he's coming from, but she's willing to risk 10 years of friendship, and it bothered me. I ended up snapping at her and telling her that everything she did to me while we dated is what he's doing to her and it kind of cut off from there because I just...couldn't argue with it anymore. We've argued about this for the past year.

 irnbruin 1:01 pm
    e_e Actuall surprised how easy I'm getting info out of her

 shiroyama yuu 1:01 pm
    Yeah, I think she's in a spot where she's desperate for friends and understanding.
    Her husband's snuffed our her friends one by one because he doesn't like them.

 irnbruin 1:03 pm
    sounds like a dickhead

 shiroyama yuu 1:03 pm
    He is.
    He'd probably throw a fit if he knew she was talking to you.

 irnbruin 1:04 pm
    why even

 shiroyama yuu 1:04 pm
    He's paranoid.

 irnbruin 1:05 pm
    true my drug 6:58 pm
        No, I don't either, but she wants me to fight for it now I think and I'm pregnant and married and it's...very difficult to fight with my husband.
    
    
    Yuji Anon 7:00 pm
        You husband is a jerk for making it a thing to be fought over in the first place
    
    
    
    true my drug 7:00 pm
        I tried apologizing to her yesterday but she's got me blocked so I don't think she got the message.
        He can be, yes, but that's beside the point.
        I still talked to her, and we've been friends for over ten years and for her to not want to talk to me anymore hurts.
    
    

 shiroyama yuu 1:06 pm
    She talked to me in secret... -Laughs- Every time he came home, it was a quick "I gotta go" before she hung up.

 irnbruin 1:07 pm
    that doesn't sound healthy at all

 shiroyama yuu 1:07 pm
    I got tired of fighting with her...it hurts her, yeah, but I've been hurt.

 shiroyama yuu 1:08 pm
    Like...I don't know. -Laugh- I was going to say something but I forgot...

 irnbruin 1:08 pm
    welcome to my life

 shiroyama yuu 1:09 pm
    I got tired of it. Back in March, when I didn't know where I was going to live, I had asked her if I could go up there, my mom would help me move up there, and she was like "You wouldn't like it here. There's nothing here and Mike would be mad."
    Our ten years of friendship only matters to her when she's hurting.

 irnbruin 1:13 pm
    true my drug 7:09 pm
        It's okay...
        I just need to know whether she wants to talk still or if she never wants to talk again.
        Because if she does, I'll wait....if not, then I'll never get back on and leave her to live her life and move on with mine.
    
    
    Yuji Anon 7:10 pm
        You would really give up ten years that easy?
    
    
    
    true my drug 7:11 pm
        No, and I never have. I'm still here, always kept contact with her over the years....but for her to just drop me like that makes wonder if she's giving up that easy.