2-1
Educators expect students to change when what they are doing is not working.

In high school, teachers would ask the students the preferred method of learning, and change their curriculum accordingly. In college, the teacher will teach the way that they decide to teach, and the students have to adapt to the different styles of learning. For example, this is my second online class and it is a very different way of learning things compared to a classroom.
2-2
Educators expect students to be responsible for their education.

You paid to attend the class and learn what the instructor has to teach you, and you are also responsible to complete assignments to the best of your ability and on time. I do not believe it will be difficult for me to fulfill this expectation, because I am on time to my classes as much as possible and try to complete assignments to the best of my ability.

3-2
By doing the self-assessment, I learned that I am a very confident person, who thinks critically and is responsible and organized. I didn't disagree with any of the scores, they were all pretty high.
3-3
The lowest score I had was in the gaining self-awareness section. The questions that had to do with beliefs were confusing, because I don't know if they are talking about religious beliefs or the beliefs a person has about everything in general.

4-1
If I take personal responsibility for my education, I will focus on giving myself plenty of time to complete assignments instead of waiting until the last minute.
If I take personal responsibility for my career, I will apply for jobs to help further my experience and help me to achieve my dream job.
If I take personal responsibility for my relationships, I will create new and strong friendships with interesting people, instead of sticking to the same few friends.
If I take personal responsibility for my health, I will focus on going to the gym more often and improving my overall health.
If I take personal responsibility for all that happens to me, my life will become better overall and I will have a great future to look forward to.
4-2
When I was late to work a week ago, I didn't make an excuse as to why I was late. I took personal responsibility and told my boss that it was completely my fault I was late. I then told her that it will not happen again and I will accept any consequences she wanted to give. She praised me for my honesty and told me she would let this one go instead of making me stay late.

5-1
I sometimes leave my house late, and end up not getting a parking spot. Next time, I will make sure to wake up earlier so I can guarantee a good parking spot to make it to class on time.
I am failing my online class because the site is confusing to me. I will talk to the instructor and see if there are any resources to help my navigate and better understand the site.
I'm too shy to ask questions in front of the other students in class. I will write down my questions about the topic and ask the teacher after class, or I will practice presentations with friends and family to help with my stage freight.
I didn't study hard enough to pass that test. For the next one, I will use the textbook to create my own notes that I will be able to understand better than the instructors.
I didn't discuss with my group how much work I had to do compared to their work. Next time, I will have a discussion with my group members to make sure the work is allocated equally between us.
I am not the best at writing. I will go to the writing center on campus or ask the teacher for a resource to help me with my writing skills.
My emotions impacted my study routines before the exam. Next time, I will try to control my emotions or look into talking to a counselor to help me through my emotions so they don't effect my study routines.
I haven't done well in school in the past, and this semester I plan on creating a schedule to give myself enough time to get my homework and studying done, but also gives me some personal time to relax.
I don't understand how to fill out the financial aid form. I will ask the teacher or my parents to help me understand the financial aid form, or go to the writing center to better understand how to fill it out.
I work nights, so it is hard to find time for homework. I will plan on doing homework on my days off or create a schedule that gives me time to work on homework when I am not at work.
5-2
While reading about and practicing Creator language, I learned that my habit is to speak as a Creator. I usually look at things in a positive manner, and when I make mistakes I understand what I did wrong and create a plan for success to stop myself from making the same mistake.

6-1
What’s my present situation? My girlfriend and I are arguing about weather or not to move out of the state once we both graduate. She wants to stay here with her family and I want to move and explore the country.
How would I like my situation to be? I would like to stay with my girlfriend, but I also want to move out of state.
What are my possible choices? Move out of state without my girlfriend, Move out of state with my girlfriend, Don't move and stay in Green Bay, Move somewhere within the state.
What’s the likely outcome of each possible choice? I get to move and explore the country, but without my girlfriend, I get to move and explore but my girlfriend is unhappy being away from her family, My girlfriend is happy to live close to family but I am unhappy because I can't move/explore, I am mostly happy with being able to move and my girlfriend is mostly happy because she isn't too far away from her family
Which choice(s) will I commit to doing? Move somewhere withing the state
When and how will I evaluate my plan? I will evaluate my plan when we are deciding on a place to live after we graduate. I will have a conversation with my girlfriend about what place would be a good middle ground between moving out of state and staying in Green Bay.
6-2
By doing the Wise Choice Process, I learned that I am OK with staying in Green Bay if I have to, as long as I am still together with my girlfriend. I realized how much I love her, and how much I would sacrifice to be with her and make her happy.

7-1
I was late to work a week ago.
7-2
IC: You were late because you stayed up too late.
IG: I did stay up to late the night before, but I'll set a time every night before work that I have to go to bed to make sure I get up on time.

IC: You were late because you were hanging out with friends too late.
IG: I was hanging out with friends too late, and next time I will let my friends know that I have to leave early to wake up on time for work.

IC: You were late because you don't care about your job.
IG: I am not the best at my job, but I am still in training and I plan on working harder while I am on the job to become better at it.
7-3
ID: You were late because your friends made you hang out late
IG: I have trouble saying no to my friends, so I am going to work on setting a time with them as to when I have to leave to wake up on time.

ID: You were late because your parents wasted your time before you left.
IG: My parents did talk to me for a little bit before I left, so I plan on waking up earlier to make sure I have enough time to talk to them and make it to work on time.

ID: You were late because the traffic was terrible
IG: The traffic is bad when I leave for work, so I plan on waking up earlier to either beat the rush and/or give myself enough time to make it to work.
7-4
In reading and writing about my inner conversations, I have discovered that making a plan for dealing with issues and executing that plan works. For example, I haven't been doing well on the last couple presentations in one of my classes. I made a plan to give myself enough time to create and practice my next presentation before I have to present. I present on Tuesday and I am very confident about how well I will do. I have presented to my parents and my girlfriend and they all gave my friendly critiques to help me prefect my presentation.

8-1
My first Desired outcome for this semester is to pass my classes. This is valuable to me because I want to show that I understand what I have learned in my classes and prove that I can work hard to achieve good grades.
My second desired outcome for this semester is to learn more about Computer support and how I can further my career after college. This is valuable to me because I would like to work as a operating system designer for android in the future, and want to know how I can further myself in that direction.
My third desired outcome for this semester is to apply for a few internships for the summer of 2019. This is valuable to me because an internship is required and it will help me build my skills and experience in the Computer support field.
8-2
My first desired experience for this semester is to gain confidence in presenting to others. This is valuable to me because my IT training course is all about presenting to others and training others on how to do something.
My second desired experience for this semester is to have fun. This is valuable to me because I know that I have a love for computers and technology and I wish to have fun while learning about it.
My third desired experience for this semester is to understand financials and accounting more than I do now. this is valuable to me because eventually I plan on investing for retirement and I want to understand what the financials of a company says about how they are doing now and how they might do in the future.
8-3
The value i place on being a success in college is 10 and my expectation of being a success in college is 9. Multiplied together, this gives me an achievement motivation score of 90. I plan on working hard to raise my expectations of being a success in college by studying and planning out my schedule so I don't get stressed about assignments and so I have