Akali was born on Ionia, captured, taken and tossed into an experiment in Piltover. That experiment soon landed her in Zaun. Her time there was long. 
She recalls nothing but the experiments. She hears the voices of the damned and dead when her eyes close. The sound of drills pressing into flesh and bone. 
The snapping of necks, mournful cries, and so many more things that keep one up into the darkest of hours. 

She waited though, maintaining her sanity the best she could with the help of her training from her homeland. Meditation among the cries. Pick pocketing anything she could grasp when allowed. She needed too. It was her hope for her escape that left her alive. She grew adapt at them. 
Her punishments too grew harsher as she grew better. 
At one point, her tongue was cut out and her voice box smashed for stealing the keys needed to escape. She recovered. 
She practiced her aiming when she could, her lack of voice made others leave her alone and she was able to study and read book, after book of science, tactics, war. She learned many styles of war. More importantly, how to manipulate her targets.

Years would pass before she was able to truly do anything with this knowledge. She was no longer the same Ninja ether. Parts of her were robotic, scars littered her body from all the experiments. She even had to cut out a bomb placed near her heart before she could even leave. She managed too.
Her escape was swift. She had been there long enough, the lay out was burned into her skull. Outside was not, She did not need to under stand it. Not yet.
She left the dead, hidden and clean where they would not be found until they rotted and reaked. The Living that saw her? Well they were inmates. She used them to escape. They did not matter, only her escaping. 

She got out, right into the Zaun Grey. It tore and ate at her skin, burned her lungs. She kept moving. This was easy. Though she was not able to sustain herself long enough be.

Some time later, she awoke, in a run down place. She was tied to the bed like she was back at the labs. Make shift everything, monitored her body. The bandages she wore were well used and worn, but cleaned to as well as anyone could manage. She looked around, there was a blond haired girl, burned and sleeping, at the foot of the bed. It was obvious the girl was helping her. But it mattered little, she was tied down she had to escape now. A quick movement and tug, she was still bound? She tried to force her way out, waking the sleeping girl at her feet. 

The girl told her to hold on and relax. She explained the situation and that Akali was tied down for both their safety. Namely the girl's though. She was then instucted to hold on and that what was about to happen, would hurt like hell. 
A mask with some wires needed to be shoved into the escapee's throat. Once it was in, painfully, Akali was able to damn and curse the child vocally. 
Akali was confused on the situation but she grew used to it rather quickly.
It took a month before she could actually move around safely outside of the bed, the blonde girl there every step of the way. A debt that Akali was more then willing to repay any way she could. 

But first, she needed to burn down the people that tortured her for so long. Once they were gone, she would be able to grow. At least, that was her hope. Yet this girl, with no proper name and reason to be just kept smiling and helping her and anyone really, even when she flat out knew she should not. Akali ended up the girls voice of reason while the girl became the Ninja's cover.