I met Leo about two years ago, when I was 22, and he was 23. We were both attending a beginners' class in fencing. At first we didn't fall in love. I was seeing another guy, Peter. But it didn't take long for Leo and me to notice each other as more than just fencing opponents. He claims that it was when I finally beat him in a practice match, that he really saw me and fell in love with me. Whatever the trigging thing was, we began seeing each other outside fencing practice, and pretty soon I realized that I'd fallen in love with him. After some agonizing days and nights I finally managed to tell Peter, who took it pretty well, actually, and we managed to separate cordially.

Just a few nights later we, Leo and I, had sex for the first time, and it was just wonderful. He was simply the best, most talented and, I have to admit, the most endowed guy I've ever had. He made me cry out in pleasure and ecstasy more times that night than any other man ever had been even close to. I don't really know how he managed, but I know he did, because he continued doing it every time we spent nights together. Apparently he was happy with what I contributed with during our relationship, because less than one year after that fencing course started he proposed to me, and I happily said yes, which earned me a full night of ecstasy, leaving me like wet, but very happy, rag for the next day.

I guess I have to tell you a little bit more about this Leo guy, huh? As I've already told you, he is one year old than me. He's an athlete, even outside of the bedroom, so to speak, with broad, strong shoulders and a slim waist and hard wash-board abs. He's handsome and strong, 6'1 tall, with a lean, muscular build, dark brown hair that is kept short, but still a bit unruly. His eyes are a shining, clear blue, almost always with a glint of mischief in them. In case you're wondering about me, I guess I can tell you a little about me too, before going on with this awkward, to use a discreetly inappropriate word, story. I've been working in a book-store since I finished school. In school I was a semi-successful track and field athlete, and since then I've tried to stay in decent shape. Leo insists on telling me I've got a great body, complimenting me for my long, toned legs, tight ass, slender waist and firm C-cup breasts. Of course I let him do that! I am 5'7, with long black hair down my back, and deep brown eyes.

I met Leo's parents, Michael and Anna, a few weeks after our relationship was official, they were charming, and seemed to be happy for their son. I have to admit, as a woman, that I could see where Leo got his handsomeness and charm from, his dad was a perfect, good looking gentleman. My parents met Leo the week after I met Michael and Anna, and they also feel for Leo's charm, and grew to like him a lot. He also met my older sister, Julia. She is two years older than me, and quite the flirt. To my relief, and Leo's advantage, my boyfriend didn't fall for her tricks. Afterwards she told me he was a real catch, and that her flirting was her way of testing him. She asked me if he was worthy of me, and if he could satisfy me, and when I told her she grinned and congratulated me. The night after I felt extra grateful towards Leo, and let him know that in no uncertain terms ...

All in all, it all looked good. I heard from Leo that he had a brother too, Theo, quite a few years younger than Leo was, but I never met him. He was away at school every time I visited my fiancé's parents. And Leo didn't tell me much about his brother, always said the difference in age made them a bit distant to each other, Leo was nine years old when Theo was born, and never had much in common with him.

But this story is about what happened four days ago. I still don't know what to do about it, or how to think about it. It was a shocking, mind-shattering experience in more ways than one, when it happened. Maybe writing about it will help me sort out the chaos of thought that have gone through my head constantly since it happened. Let me tell you what happened.
__________________________________________________________________________________

The first time I actually met Theo was at Leo's and my wedding, as I said four days ago. Before, and during, the actual ceremony, I didn't pay much attention to all the guests, I was too nervous and caught up in the moment to really tell all the new faces apart. It was first after the church ceremony, when we'd given our marital vows and kissed for the first time as husband and wife, that I could relax enough to see all the guests. There were about a hundred of them, about half of them were more or less strangers to me, related to Leo. At the party following the wedding I had the time to try and get to know my new family. It was hard to remember all the new names, but I did my best.

At one time during the wedding party my husband, since a few hours, introduced me to a young man, or rather boy, and a slightly older girl.

“Darling,” Leo started, glancing at the young man. “This is Theo, my brother. Theo, this is Nelly, my wife.” Leo smiled happily at me when he said the the word 'wife', and I smiled back at him, and then turned to Theo. He took my hand and shook it, smiling back at me.

“Nice to finally meet you, Theo.” I said, looking at the boy, strapping for a boy of barely fifteen years of age, broad shouldered and strong looking, even taller than his older brother, but similar in constitution, and the same unruly hair and glint in his blue-grey eyes. He was smartly dressed in a black suit, with a white shirt and blue tie.

“The feeling's mutual, Mrs Peterson” he grinned, holding my hand a fraction of a second too long. “I've heard so much of you, but nothing did the real thing any justice. I can see that my brother has an impeccable taste in female beauty.”

I arched an eyebrow at that, glancing at my husband, who almost looked a little bored, or awkward. He hurried to say:

“And this is?” nodding towards the girl.

She was an inch or two shorter than I, long, blond hair and crystal blue eyes. Dressed in a knee-long creamy white dress accentuating her slender waist, long legs and ample breasts. She looked seventeen or eighteen years old, and stood close to Theo, her arm gently resting around his waist.

“Oh...” Theo laughed. “Sorry for that, this is my friend, - uh – Julie.”

He pulled her closer, smiling down at her. She smiled back at him before turning to me and Leo.

“Pleasure to meet you two, and congratulations.”

“Thank you.” I answered, smiling politely at her, wondering a little about her and Theo's relationship. She looked about two or three years older than him, and he had called her a friend, not a girlfriend. Yet I thought they were a bit too close, physically to just friends.

“Thanks.” Theo said, and pulled me away to introduce me to some uncle and aunt of his. I quickly forgot about Julie and Theo, being brought through a small ocean of names and faces, mixed together with the intoxication of being married, mixed with the more mundane intoxication of a few glasses of wine.

A few hours later all those glasses of wine made themselves remembered and I excused myself to find the ladies' room. I hurried upstairs, looking for the door to the bathroom, and I can assure that what happened next was an accident. I didn't mean to do it, and to be honest, they should have locked the door. First of all, the door turned out to be the door to a guest bedroom, and not the bathroom, second, it turned out to be occupied. When I opened the door I looked into a small bedroom, and on the bed, with his back to me, sat a man. In front of him, partly hidden by him and the bed, was a blond haired girl, kneeling between his legs. Beside the man, on the bed, was a black suit jacket.

When they heard the door open, I was in a hurry, and wasn't exactly discreet, the man turned to look toward the door, over his broad shoulder. Surprised I saw that it was Theo, and the woman in front of him, looking towards the door from her kneeling position was Julie. She gasped, and blushed furiously, Theo seemed much calmer, almost smiling at me when I stuttered and backed out from the room.

“Oh!” I stuttered. “Shit, I'm sorry … I didn't mean to ...”

I didn't know what to say, and instead I quickly closed the door. Outside I leaned against the wall, trying to calm my breathing for a few moments. Had I really seen what I thought I had: My husband's much younger brother getting a blow-job at our wedding? I closed my eyes and shook my head, trying to clear my thoughts. Was it really my business what he did with his female friends? I smiled, a slightly strained smile, at some other guests passing me in the hallway. I hoped that I wasn't blushing too much. Remembering the age of Theo, I frowned a little. He just turned fifteen, and the girl, how old could she be? Seventeen? Eighteen?

I shrugged again, deciding that it really wasn't any of my business, at least not right now. I'd talk to my husband about it later, but right now I had a party to enjoy, after a well-needed visit to the bathroom. I saw another woman, I think her name was Sabrina, a friend of my husband's mother, coming out of the bathroom, and hurried there.

A few minutes I left the bathroom, a little more calm, having decided what to do, and not to do, about what I just had seen I felt I could focus on the party, and on my beloved husband. When I returned to the hallway I could see the back of Julie as she hurried down the stairs. Seconds later Theo came out the door that I accidentally opened before, he looked towards the stairs, after the girl who hurried out of sight His voice almost pleading.

“Julie, please. I'm going to talk to her, I'm sure it'll be alright.”

I cleared my throat to make my presence known. He turned to look at me with a slightly sheepish smile. He took a few steps towards me. He had his jacket back on, but