Chapter 7

Even if I know that decision will definitely bring about regrets.

The lukewarm rain poured lightly in the morning ever since that day. That day has passed completely distinct yet peacefully. 

Slumber drew on in the after classes. I let out a yawn. While I was lazily preparing to go home, noisy footsteps came near towards me. Following the usual course of events that has been happening for the past few days, Yuigahama tapped my shoulder.

When I suddenly remembered what happened previously on the way home after the events at the support room, I could only let out a sigh. Yuigahama tilted her head like a crow, as if asking, “aren’t you going?” I immediately knew that she was being considerate. 

“…Yeah. Then, let’s go home.”

That’s why, in response to that, I forcefully stretched my body like a cat, then stood up slowly.

We got out of the school, then continued our way to the station. Due to the rain this morning, walking way to home became rough for me and Yuigahama. While shaking her umbrella, Yuigahama, who was in high spirits, talked to me about various of things along the way.

“Ah, also, we talked about making homemade cake, right? When I told about that to Mama, she said that we could use our kitchen. It’s like, Mama got bubbly all the way around and, that’s like, so embarrassing…”


“It’s really hard to come… Because of the latter information you said, it became much harder to come…”

When I said that, Yuigahama made a troubled smile. She put her hand inside her pocket, then took out her smartphone.

“Hmm, but if we do it at Hikki’s house, Komachi-chan would find out.”

Yuigahama’s gaze fell over on her smartphone. In a moment, she uttered, “eh,” then suddenly stopped her steps. 

“…It seems like the prom is in a risky situation."

With that being said, Yuigahama looked at her smartphone. What was displayed on the screen was the LINE’s faceplate. Is this what they call GROUP LINE? On the header has the title Service Club, and the names, “Yukinoshita Yukino" and “iroiroirohasu.” I rather had a lot to comment, but when I saw the latest message, everything that I wanted to say had vanished away. 

 “What is the meaning that the school have decided to cancel the prom? What happened to the conference that’s currently on-going?”

“Want to try asking it on LINE?”

“…No, it’s fine.”

I declined, then went two to three steps away from Yuigahama and turned my back. While waiting for my call to connect, when I glanced at Yuigahama, she was looking at the LINE’s screen with a serious face, then would cast a look at me with a worried expression now and then. 


As the sound of the ringing call came into my ears while feeling irritated, I heard Hiratsuka-sensei’s sigh from the phone.

“What will happen regarding the prom?”

When I asked that before she could even speak, she let out a lengthy breathe, then with her annoyed-like voice, she continued.

“…I’ll explain it properly on another day. I’m currently dealing with the matter over here. Let’s talk about it when things have settled down…”


“No, how many days of loss would that be? If we waited that long, we won’t be able to recover.”

“There’s nothing to recover, right? And besides, do you have any intentions on helping the prom?”

“A-ahhh, no… if they say they’d try doing it again later or something, it would be very severe for them.”

Her voice was filled with certainty. I instantly denied what she said in my inmost thoughts.

Isshiki, who was that much unrelenting regarding the matter, and even straining herself in doing so, is not going to give up that easily. Above all else, there’s no way that the request that Yukinoshita Yukino had finally put into words would let go that simply. I won’t let that happen. 

Hiratsuka-sensei must have noticed my irritated sigh as she groaned that sounded like it has surrendered. 


“There’s no way that I couldn’t tell about it to you. …Yukinoshita hoped not to tell you that the information of the cancellation of the prom. Take a hint. On the top of that, let me ask you this. Do you still have any reason to help the prom in spite of that?”


The moment I’ve heard of that, every words that I’ve thought flew away. I think that the conception of time has disappeared and flew away, too. When Hiratsuka-sensei called out, “hey,” I briefly dozed off and have realized something.

“I won’t know if you stay silent there. It’s your bad habit. Put it into words properly. …Because, I’ll wait.”

She rephrased her words in a gentle, composed voice. The situation has finally rectified. I need a reason, reason, reason.

“The reason is, well, I’m part of the club as well, but it’s more of I’m already at the past of no return or something.”

While looking for the words, I said that in a quick, rebuking manner. However, there wasn’t any response from the phone.

The only thing that I could is her breathe, and that’s it. That’s very aggravating. You understand who the hell I am, right?

“Putting them into words is just shameful. It’s something important, so I won’t say it. I should think about it precisely and follow the required steps so that I won’t make a mistake… precisely… Aren’t you like that, too, Sensei?”

You didn’t tell us that you’re going to freaking leave, right? Isn’t that an important thing? You continued doing that. You clenched your teeth so that you won’t speak about the things that you were thinking and wanted to say. Yet, I already got it from the words that was coming out of your voice. 

“…I’m sorry, Hikigaya. But even so, I’ll always wait. …So, put them into words.”

It was the first time that I’ve heard Sensei apologized with some nice words, yet said them in a melancholic voice.

All of my reasonings had vanished earlier. The things that only I could think of are connected to my work, club and Komachi. Even if I change the way I say them, or their phrases, I’ve already realized on my own that all of them were binded in the end.

That is why, even if I tell it on the phone, only the form of my lips would change several times, and wouldn’t even be put into words.

The next thing is only about us. It was super easy to understand that it was codependency. It was easy to say that I was able to determine that she depended on me and the significance of my relation towards her. I, myself, could simply come into an agreement in regards to that. However, that is not an answer. Codependency is just a form of mechanism. It was not feelings. Even if it was an excuse, it couldn’t become a reason. 

I went that far and have thought all of that, gave it all out, and wrung them all. The only thing that remains is the regret inside my heart.

But, that is the only thing that I didn’t want to say. It’s the lamest reason, after all. Though, this Sensei was telling that if I won’t say it, she won’t let me move on. I knew that she was making me create excuses. 

 “…Because I promised that I would save her some day.”

Because, I was asked to do so. That normal, yet super obvious reason. Those words which were void of logic and lyric. Her choice of words which were stale and extremely worn out. I really hate the thought of saving her that it’s maddening me. 

“That’s fine. ……I’ll make some time. Come here quickly.”

Hiratsuka-sensei said so satisfyingly, then arbitrarily cut the call. I closed my smartphone, and returned to Yuigahama, who was slightly apart from me. Afterwards, with only Yuigahama’s gaze, she asked me how was the call.

“Sorry, I kept you waiting. …I’ll go to Hiratsuka-sensei.” 
 
I apologized, then, first off, only told her what I’m certain to do. Soon after, Yuigahama blinked her eyes. 

“Ah, I see. What are you going to do when you go there?”

“For the time being, I’ll go to grasp the situation. To be honest, I dunno about anything so I have nothing to do yet.”

When I answered to her question hopelessly, Yuigahama suddenly laughed.

“…That so. But, if Hikki is going, then it’s somehow going to be manageable.”

And then, as if to agree on me, she nodded greatly for a few times. During that time, drops of sparkle drifted gently. The moment that entered upon my vision, I gulped. However, because I was surprised that I was baffled, Yuigahama noticed the expression of her eyes, then wiped her cheeks with her fingers.

 “Eh, ah, because I felt relieved that the tears came out. That was surprising…”

When she exhaled, Yuigahama rubbed her fingers together. As if naturally, she said that so, while my restlessness was restraining, I called up.

“No, I’m the one who got surprised here, though… Are you okay? Should we head to your home first?”

“Eh? Ah, I’m fine, I’m fine! I think that this is something girls sort of have.”

Pulling out her cardigan’s sleeve, Yuigahama pressed it lightly on her eyes. Then, she smiled as if she was embarrassed, and played on her odango-style hair.

 “Nah, it’s because I didn’t know all of the things… so, like, knowing one thing makes me feel relieved. Moreover, I feel better now.”

I’m certain that, while she was looking on LINE, she wore a serious expression. During when she was loosened up, she may have felt some feeling of high nervousness. While staring hard at Yuigahama’s face, her lips suddenly twitched upwards. 

“You’re being exaggerated, Hikki. It’s okay to go. Even if I got home, I’ll look on LINE, so, if anything happens, tell me, ‘kay?”

She adjusted her backpack. She waved with her smartphone, it showed an intention that she is going home.

“Y-yeah. That would be helpful. Then, I’ll go for now. I’ll see you tomorrow. Take care on your way home.”

“No, my neighborhood’s totally near.”

With that being said, Yuigahama gently waved her hand. I started to walk gently in a pace about the matching speed as how Yuigahama was waving her hands. 

I walked several steps forward, with an aching heart. When I suddenly looked back, Yuigahama’s figure