The door crashed open, a massive six armed troll walking in lugging five large blue duffel bags, tossing the cargo onto the table  with a expression of disgust, the spare hand carefully holding a eight barreled revolver that gleamed in the way guns do when carefully maintained and cleaned to make it exceptionally obvious exactly what was pointed at your head.
Vriska Serket pulled off her mask, a quilt like clown mask with patterns leading into entirely different ones. “Alright we got you the loot, the rest of the 8ookwort is in the 8ack, 8ut we need answers.” Vriska said pulling a rather large bullet that seemed to have lodged itself in the mask. “Mainly what the fuck were you on to send us on a factory raid of the goddamn Harley gang? You know that is information that should have 8een given ahead of time, we are getting a 8igger cut.”
The person on the other end of the table, the head of the Lalonde Cartel, Rose “Door Breaker” Lalonde, sat, the immense bulk of her ass blocking the majority of the area behind her, her face showing no distress, except for perhaps chronic boredom. The steel legged apparatus behind her whirring with moving gyros. “I doubt Roxy will be content if you pull through with the violence your suggesting.”
“Roxy isn’t here, she got jumped on the escape, shes at Saint Megido’s Maternity Ward for 5 weeks with a sprained pelvis.” Vriska said, her hand reaching into her suit jacket and tossing Roxy’s mask on the table, the smell of sperm heavy on the stained mask.
“I…  see… I’ll pay standard price for all cargo you got plus Roxy’s medical expenses. Now put the toy away and get me the rest of your bags.”
With a grunt Vriska put the gun back in her holster. “I knew you were a softy 8ut 8usiness ‘for pleasure after all.”
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Later on Rose walked down a white hall, the gate to her Breastmilk supplier and the real sinker of her finances.
The door opened, and, sitting in the bed as always was her mother Roxanne Lalonde, the massive bed designed specifically to hold her child sized milktanks but what was particularly prominent was the large white cock attached to her, the room merely half made to allow the girl’s yacht sized balls to bob in the water, her pillar a testament to her addiction. “Rosie… is that you? Did you bring the bookwort, hurry.” Roxanne pleaded as Rose opened the tote bags, the thick calming scent of Chaomile with a hint of apricot wafting in the air as the large crushed black leaves saw the light of day.
“No time to steep it just feed me the leaves the leaves.” Roxanne said reaching for the bag, digging in like a pig in a trowel.
Rose walked away, she did slip a little bookwort into her mother to get her to abdicate her position but she didn’t expect it to hit so hard, she didn’t want her position this way.
Roxanne moaned as she felt the familiar surge in her midsection, her cock growing bigger and bigger as she continued to feast on the leaves.
Little did she know that the bookwort was a experimental concentrated version, to be cut with actual tea to exponentially increase profits (Exactly why the Harley Gang gave so much trouble to poor innocent Vriska).
Roxanne cooed as she felt her cock grow bigger and bigger, her balls idly wiping out the continent of Africa as her cock gently knocked the moon out of orbit, surging and surging ever onward, so rapidly it could only be seen growing from space, everyone else only saw white before being knocked out.
It is said after the Cocksis (get it, crisis but with cocks) the war Condesce waged against cocknet escalated, unable to handle, or even move, the Lalonde Cartel’s former matriarch but certainly able to stop her from growing more, Rose and her mother locked in duality confinement in a “Unreasonably Maximum Security Fuckoffery” (Alternian slang for jail).
~~~~~~~~
Deep in the infinite Infinities countless universes float, living creatures in their own right, in a ecosystem of macrocosmic scale.
Because this isn’t Book of Mormon however, universes are given a much less frog like form, sorry for die hard fans.
Floating in the void, Moneyshot felt a pressure in her stomach.
Biting her lip, the cosmic woman groaned, her starskin sheen coated in a navy blue glaze as her weave of timelines tousled over her, many timelines stuck to her as she sweated in pain.
“Moneyshot are you okay?” 2xxx said floating toward her, large black holes forming a strip around her eyes, attesting to the superheroes in her universe, her green skin twinkling worryingly as she held Moneyshot’s hand, “Do you need help?”
Any answer Moneyshot would give was interrupted by screaming as a large white cock erupted from her, the human-like flesh contrasting against her cosmic skin as a pair of balls floated between her legs.
The cock lead up to where the universes belly button would be, which was somewhat small for the setting but given the fact it wasn’t hers, was incredibly impressive.
“Oh wow.” 2xxx said looking at the veined member, “You grew a dick.” She touched the cock, “Can you feel that.”
Moneyshot squirmed in the sensation. “It’s like its a part of me, but it isn’t, wonder how it got there?”
“Want to see if it works?” 2xxx said with a bright smile.
~~~~~~~~~
Roxanne moaned as she suddenly felt something. “Rosie, something… somethings happening to my dick.” She screamed her fingers gripping the cold floor as Rose rushed toward her mother, cradling the older woman in her lap. 
“What happened? Is another planet in orbit around you? Do you need help, I’m so sorry mother this is all my fault.”
Roxanne could only moan as she felt elven fingers tickle her massive orbs, the sensation of a sexual embrace something she thought she would never experience, till now.
Rosie watched on in guilt and arousal, the only idea she could to help was to join in, motioning her giant ass around the white wall of cockflesh as she hotdogged the wall, adding a small addition to Roxanne’s bout of pleasure.
“Rosie… I love you…” Roxanne said as she immediately passed out from dehydration in a literally earth shaking climax.
~~~~~~~
2xxx squealed as the cock cummed inside, her, a large white pool of sperm floating inside her cosmic skin… and more… and more….
~~~~~~~
“Hands where I can see them Maid 2XXX, your gleeful gluttony stops today.” The metallic power armor of the Heir gleamed in the light, the dark blue suit noticeably strained tight with the excess curves the troll was packing, a large needle drawn and pointed at the villain.
“Ho ho ho, so the motherfucker thinks she can pass the ax? Well make my motherfucking day!” The Maid taunted, much less concerned with modesty, the girl wore some twisted imitation of a naked made outfit, Kiss the cook written in blood, her massive black doughnut rearing behind her like a snake, the large length easily large enough to lash and swallow the troll from this distance.
“What?” Equius said dropping her guard. 
“It means I’m going to shove you in my asshole.” Jane said impatient to kill this asshole. Until she noticed she wasn’t looking at her, turning around she saw a massive white meteor wobble towards them, breaking up into massive sperm meteors as the glob of cum hit atmosphere.
“What?”
~~~~~~
“Oh that felt amazing.” Moneyshot said, pulling out of the bloated form of universe 2xxx. “I had no idea sex was so good, I can see why its so popular with the little ones… are you okay.”
2xxx belched in response, a pure milk white from the excessive series of orgasms the two had. She belched in response, a large white glob of sperm being spit out and floating in the void. Realizing speaking wouldn’t work she gives a thumbs up.