Mana and life are inextricably intertwined, and there are some obvious points that show this. First are the elements, where mana, when used by a mage or other magic-capable being, transforms from its base state into a manifestation of one of the four elements (fire, earth, wind, water), the keys of life. Mana, or more specifically, personal mana (as opposed to common mana, found everywhere) is also found in vast quantities in the souls of living things, and makes it up, including the membrane of the soul, which is made of inert mana. 
The soul is made up of a few key elements. The first, of course, is the membrane, which while allowing mana in at a very slow rate over time to grow the soul, does not let it out under any circumstances, except those rare few exceptions written about further down. The composition of the other three elements are similarly made up of mana, but personal mana, which, if looked at on the “cell level”, would resemble the owner’s soul 1:1. The sophocyte (etymology: soph-, -cyte), however, even among personal mana, acts as the unique identification of a soul, giving key information of an owner, such as their mage status, their age, and other such things. It is more than a marker however; it is what kills the owner when it is time for their death. To mess with it almost certainly means death to the owner as well. 
The other two elements of the soul are the knowelle (etymology: organelle) and the hungresome (etymology: hunger, -some). The knowelle is made of two components, one part accumulated knowledge, and one part formed viewpoint of a person. The hungresome is the desire(s) of an individual, which may change over time. There are a few extra things of note. The first is that if you hurt the skin, you change the membrane. Hurt the brain, you change the components. Lastly while the three components are made up of mana, they do form unique “bodies” and operate apart from the general reserves of personal mana in the soul. 
	There are a few key types of mages. The first is the elemental mage, or elemental, who at a low level uses scars in his body (and thus, in his soul), and at a higher level, may open small holes in the soul membrane. This is quite risky, as when personal mana is exposed to common mana, it becomes common, but as long as personal mana leaves the soul, it is turned into an elemental reaction. At an even higher level, an elemental may kill themselves and enrich their environment by quickly and all at once dispersing the inert mana in their body (which reacts only to the commands of its owner’s soul, specifically to its sophocyte) and thus releasing their personal mana into their surroundings. This has no immediate effect on the environment, however, this is not the case with the highest level elementals. They may flow their personal mana into the inert mana, and by forming tiny holes with it rapidly, may all at once allow their mana to flow out while the membrane disappears, resulting in great destruction according to their element. Their power is innate to their soul, and is revealed when the first permanent mark on the soul is made, almost always through physical scars. Runes essentially act as a training wheel for them, allowing them to direct spells without the concentration regular mages have to have to conduct mana. 
The reason it is harder to learn new elements is the fact that as one does so, their sophocyte hardens, resisting change. This is also partially why it grows harder to level up. However, as things such as blood magic similarly warp the soul, an elemental must be careful, as engaging in other magical activities may kill them outright. This does not interfere with bonding, however, like an enchanter does. In fact, along with how useful being an enchanter may be, that is why elementals so often take up enchanter as a second magical specialization. 
Blood mages, or warlocks, are far more simple to explain than their elemental counterparts. With 5 “levels”, a blood mage, who by instinct knows how to progress themselves in blood magic, may choose to level up at any time, with each new level being harder to obtain. Similar but different to the difficulties an elemental, the soul of a warlock is forced to change unnaturally when they undergo this process, though not warping to an extent comparable to that of a monster like a feral ghoul, or like that of someone exposed to the Light. The soul, while capable of undergoing the transformation, has a weakness once again in the sophocyte, which if not capable of undergoing the change (unknowable and determined by birth), will be destroyed during the transformation from level to level. As the soul resembles the mana within and vice versa, if the chromocyte warps incorrectly (ie, a failed transformation), the soul will imitate that, resulting in a change on the body of the individual, which always resembles the type of animal whose blood was first imbibed. 
Blood magic is attained through eating a portion of a magical animal (upon which remaining portions would disappear), this type of magic spreads down through the bloodline, without stopping. In this manner, it is predicted that most populations when exposed to a blood mage will become part of that bloodline. While magical animals are extremely rare, and in the beginning will only generate due to an aberration during soul formation, this gives the illusion of a large spread. This soul aberration comes from an unnaturally high presence of mana. Also notable is that two magical bloodlines cannot breed together. 
Bonding, or enchanting is barely mentionable, having no true effects on the soul, merely a “splitting of the soul,” if it can even be called that. In reality, the soul pieces are in fact connected, operating fine when disconnected, as parts of a greater whole. Bonded mages, or enchanters, essentially only ever occupy their main portion of soul, except when they transfer into another part of their soul consciously. That transfer allows them to take over the body of, say, a bird, while remaining within the body. At higher levels, mages may begin to split their consciousness and actively act through multiple objects, or semi-conscious. One example would be the creator of the Innerworld being semi-conscious in his pillar. Another is the fact that mages have begun putting their soul within staffs and such, which they fire while remaining conscious in a split instant, a manifestation of this power. Bonding presents no significant risk to anyone, of course. 
Alchemy and medicine is are magic related arts that have no relation to the soul directly, but may have effects on the body due to magical components. Some animals are blessed naturally with magical inclinations, and along with components obtained from normal objects in the world, this may result in special magical potions and poultices.
What may affect the creation of a soul is a high amount of magic; for example, the unnatural number of fire mages in Makh-Khor are caused by a defective container filled with a high amount of mana (the log), and the birth of Mynori’s magical octopus on the pillar caused by the mana running through and small amounts splitting off into the air. Making a soul aware of its magical power, however, is a different thing. Awakening a soul to its magic normally comes in the form of scars, but if a body never receives one, or, in some rare cases, where a scar may not “take” on a soul, there is another (incredibly rare) method to awakening, as seen when a woman of the Brotherhood was praying to Rok, deep in meditation. In these instances, one’s sheer willpower (in her case, to become one with Rok) is strong enough to cause a change in reality. Other cases include the Emu King, whose terror and wish to get away from the birds caused the same reaction in his soul, and lastly, Khop, whose wish to die saw a bit of Thera and Dagh’s souls absorbed into his own. This will to power, of course, is also magic, but it goes beyond the other two types into something greater, the other two types being worldly magic and spiritual magic. That is called reality magic.