
    “how…lame…” she should have known that this wasn’t his edgy piece but piece of regular battler but in the end it didn’t matter anyway, as this is just an endless loop of a nigthmare game, a false forgery written by sadists and with that a loop that she can’t escape at all. no, even when she tries to her so called husband always chases her to everywhere , leaving her never even a damn fucking long chance of peace. how is she supposed to stay sane with such a man around her? always forced to deal with a husband she never even wanted or asked for in the first place! just the thought ruined her laugh instantly.

    “don’t get too cocky just because i played along with your obvious tricks stupid forgery. you’re way too early to fool me and come ever any close to satoko-chan.” the witch merely glared razor blades at her demonic husband as she said so, turning the atmosphere as cold as ice, until he slapped her and then pulled her closer to himself to kiss her,seriously… did that guy never hear of privacy sphere? did he not even have a single bit of respect for the one he claimed for himself? alas, how annoying…  “the incompetent fool here is not me, but you, you sick fuck,  you aren't  golden lord battler-sama, you’re just his fake persona but even so —
    you’re still battler-sama.” needless to say that the witch used that to piss him off too, as she knew that was something he never liked to be compared to the original battler. “being battler-sama still makes you as incompetent. and everyone in the world of witches and demons knows it. “ she gave him a cold look. deadpanned face as she continued.

    “so instead of bothering me why not go after beatrice’s coffin? meanwhile i’ll look for the true fitting husband for myself, a better magician than you ever will be, a magician of words, who just didn’t happen to join me in this loop yet.”

    “You fucking bitch, i dare you to compare me with that incompetent Battler idiot, fake Persona, my ass, you are the fake persona of the Maid Rena i always fuck to insanity, you hoe.” He punched her in the fucking gut so she fell over from it. “I’m your husband and no one else, if someone else should come close to you even an Inch, i don’t hesitate to mutilate his copse and give you his entrails as fucking deko for your shitty lolita Dress you bitch!!”The Demon got with his hands at her neck and put insane pressure on it. “Don’t even try to run away from me anymore. If you do that you sure are the Incompetent one and I swear, I’ll rape you to death without hesitation, I don’t give a fuck about Featherines rules anymore.”