We used to have long conversations, and I guess I am just having conversations with you right now without your actually being there, telling you things I wish I could tell you. Perhaps it’s like a journal. I don’t know if you will have any interest in reading it, but you have read my stuff before and watched videos and things I have sent to you. I really think there was a deep interest there, and I abused it and broke it. Now it seems to be completely gone. I used to have a glow in your eyes, and I know now that you had a lot of respect and admiration for me. I ruined all of that. I am so negative focused that if the slightest thing goes wrong, I can’t see all the good. So I destroy the good. Both you and I are suffering for that now. We could have been together and happy if I hadn’t been like that.

The rest of this message is at pastebin:

This is the last contact I will make, at least for a long time. I am going to buy a house here to wait it out, hoping you will come back, however long that wait has to be. I will be here, hiking and reading philosophy. Call me and I will be there.
***
This has turned out to be quite a long message written over several days.
***
At this point, I am just going to buy a house here in hopes that eventually you will decide to give me another chance. There was something that you wanted from me before, and maybe some day you will want it again. I have to be here for that if you ever do, though I know the odds are very low. It’s just not something I can walk away from again. I left before and didn’t give us a chance, though I realize now that there was a good chance for us. I can’t believe I walked away from that. Now I guess I’m trying to make up for it and fix it in the only way I can.

If you were to tell me that you are in a relationship now, I might give up and decide to go back to my hiking trail in Illinois (that was the only reason I left here in the first place), but I guess if you’re not responding to me, you won’t tell me that either. I really wish you would so that I can make what I think is the best decision for me. But if not, I will just stay here because I can’t miss the chance again if it ever happens. You came out of the blue before, and I wasn’t ready for it. I was so down that I didn’t believe in the hope when it was placed right in front of me. If there is ever a next time with you, I will be ready.
***
I want to clarify something. It has always been hard to do that over text, and so I think there have been misunderstandings that just never got cleared up. From certain things you have said, I think you may think that I think women should have traditional roles, shouldn’t work, and should be subservient to men—just that whole stereotype. I am not like that at all and never have been. If this is part of why you are not interested in me, I hope you will reconsider, because it’s not true. In fact, when I was younger, I was adamantly against that kind of thing; now I am indifferent to it if other people want to do it, but it’s not how I want to live my life.

I view men and women in a relationship as equals. If some men and women want to take different roles than that, that is fine with me for them (I don’t really care what other people do; their way, whatever it is, is right for them as far as I am concerned). But for me, in a relationship I would be in, I would want us to be equals, or for there not to be any constraints or expectations about that kind of thing (I generally try to live my life without regard to fixed stereotypes of how life should be lived). My thoughts about this are kind of hard to explain because everything I think is complicated. But the simplest statement I would make is that men and women should be equal in a relationship, chores should be shared, work should be shared, and everything should be shared equally, or in the way that the two people feel is equal and fair. I think of myself as a feminist (not a third-wave feminist, but critical of how our society views/has viewed women) in lots of ways that I have not talked about with you because our communications have always been constricted by texting, and because it never came up as something important to talk about.

For example, I think society places too much importance on women’s appearance. I know that must sound strange coming from me because I was constantly paying you compliments, but for the most part I usually don’t do that and never have. However, you said something once about wanting to feel pretty for someone, so I said it because I was trying to please you by letting you know you that you were pretty to me. It’s not that I wasn’t sincere when I said it. It’s just not something I would normally talk about or place much importance on, especially when I was younger and was kind of a radical activist about the whole thing. I think that only small parts of this and other things came across in texting, so they ended up being distorted because the small part of the picture that came through was taken as the whole picture, and there wasn’t any chance to clarify what each other thought and meant about all kinds of things. I think it was very harmful to our relationship that it was carried out so much in text.

I would like to explain this more if you would let me. I’m not really conservative at all. I am not a Republican. (I like Trump because he is anti-establishment, not because he is a Republican.) I am not a stereotypical southerner. I am kind of liberal, but I think liberals have gone way too far recently. Because you and I tried to get to know each other over text, I think we have missed a lot of who the other person really is. That’s why I would like to try getting to know each other in person now that it is possible again to do that.
***
I was not being condescending when I asked why you had not had children. I was curious about it with regard to us, you and me. I probably should not have asked about Jason. Up to that point, I had let you be the one to talk about him because I didn’t feel like I knew how to approach it yet. When I asked a question about him, it was the wrong way or the wrong time and context. I did not know that you would feel insulted by what I said, but you did, and I trust you on that and respect it and believe that your interpretation and response to what I said was the right one and I was wrong. The way I see it, your view of it is the definitive view, because it’s yours and you know all about it. I don’t know anything about it and never can, so all I can do is listen.

I also was not being condescending or insulting when I said the thing about your underwear drawer. We had joked about that before when I was planning to come visit in January. I think the idea then was that I would stay at your place and work while you were at work, and I made a joke about going through your underwear drawer because you had once said something about a landlord who seemed like he would go through your stuff. So I said it as part of what I thought was a running joke, purely to be funny, not at all to be mean or insulting or condescending or with any negative intentions at all. I think I completely misunderstood the situation. You had asked if I was getting a hotel, and I thought you were joking because the previous time when I had planned to visit, I was to stay at your place (or that’s what I thought; texting makes things so unclear). I didn’t realize that might have changed, so I thought you were just joking and so I joked back. If I had known you were being serious, I would have stayed at a hotel with no question. I think this was just one more example where we miscommunicated over text and we couldn’t clear it up because of the nature of texting. I realize now that we should have started talking on the phone much earlier, like as soon as we started talking seriously last October. I think I have just talked to people so much online, especially back when people used instant messaging on PCs, that I thought it would be OK, and I didn’t realize how many problems it would cause.

I *was* being insulting about what I said about your job, but I was being hypothetical. I wasn’t really saying that. I was saying, what if I undermined everything you said, and I gave your job as an example. In reality, I have always supported you in your job and have always cheered for you to get what you want and have believed what you said about what was going on at work without question. I know it is important to you, and I know you work very hard. That is one of the things I like best about you. I have never known anyone who seemed as dedicated to their job as you do. That is the kind of person I would want to be in a relationship with, someone who feels that amount of dedication to the things they do.

All I can say is that I don’t think I am as gruff as I have come across. I have always taken my girlfriends’ side in their conflicts with other people. That’s how I am. If someone is in my circle, I side with them automatically.
***
When I was in Bentonville before, I had tried to date, but with complete failure, and I was so hopeless and lonely when I met you that I was planning to move back to Champaign because at least there was a good hiking trail for me to walk there. (If we get back together [were we ever actually together?], you will have to go back and visit it with me so I can show you how wonderful it is. Here are pictures I took a few years ago: CENSORED. See? This is another thing we have in common. We both like to take pictures of nature. We really have to wind up together, you know.) When I met you, I was all out of hope. I didn’t believe you could be something real, so I left and didn’t give us a chance. Then it turned out you were real, but I had already left, so there wasn’t much that could be done about it. Then I tried to make things work by planning to move back down here, but I got offended and ruined things, and now I have come back to try to save