www.happyhotline.com

⌅⌅⌅ WELCOME TO HAPPY HOTLINE ⌅⌅⌅
      happy people only =)


﹁B A S I C
name: Jintara Buarin (จินตหรา บัวรินทร์)
birthday: March 9, 2001
age: 19
height: 166 cm (5'5)
nationality: Thai
part of Korea you stay in: N/A
part of China you stay in: N/A
slot: killing me :: caller 7

﹁L I F E
born in: Pattaya, Thailand
languages you speak: 
	✩ Thai (100% fluent)
	✩ Korean (75% fluent)
	✩ English (50%)
family: 4
siblings names: Anchali Buarin (older sister, nickname is Lila), Niran Buarin (younger brother)
parents names: Mitch Buarin (father), Areva Buarin (mother)
pets: Luna (border collie)
stay at home?: she recently moved in with her older sister at her apartment because the



﹁H E A D
usual emotion: bubbly and playful, but secretly lonely
personality:
	✩ impulsive
	if she's faced with a hard decision, her brain seems to disappear and she just acts on impulse. Because of this trait, she often times winds up in tricky situations and gets in trouble often. Sometimes her mouth will speak before she can think and she will randomly blurt things out.

	✩ extrovert
she is a huge extrovert and loves making new friends and attending all social events. It's guaranteed that if there is a social event, Jintara will most likely be one of the first people to know. If she's alone for too long, she'll get sad and either go chat up a storm on social media or at a party.

	✩ flirty
she flirts, sure, but not in the way you would think. Not a simple pick-up line, no. People aren’t even necessarily sure if she’s straight or not as she sends winks and suggestive looks to both females and males. She’s basically a confident flirt and has no regrets. She only freaks out after flirting with someone that she has a crush on. She can sometimes flirt/charm her way out of a lot of situations.

	✩ nice
because she often has resting bitch face, people who don't know her will think that she's a total mean girl, when in reality, she's the complete opposite. She could be looking at someone with the nastiest look, but she could be thinking about how good-looking or nice they are. She doesn't try to be rude and hates when she accidentally gives people dirty looks. She's not judgemental and is very open-minded to a lot of ideas.

	✩ bubbly
most often times her RBF won't even show because she is mostly seen smiling or laughing. She has a wild sense of humor and sometimes all she has to do is have a weird reaction/gesture to get people to laugh. She loves cheering people up and making them laugh. A lot of her jokes are dirty minded, not for children. She hates when people are sad and being around her will most likely make you instantly cheer up. She's the mood maker. She hates showing her sadness and will smile, no matter how miserable she is feeling.
 
	✩ needs approval
she is always trying to get constant validation from others. She takes first impressions very seriously and is always trying to impress and help others. If someone doesn't like her, she will grow upset and may need someone to rant to about it, but she will soon shrug it off and forget all about it.

	✩ forgiving
her friends think this will be her downfall as she is very forgiving of others, even her enemies. For example, she could hate someone for the longest time, but they could do one nice thing to her and because she's always trying to see the best in others, her heart will be telling her to forgive the person, while her brain tries to fight back and hate them forever. 

	✩ protective
she is very protective of her friends and family. If you insult her, she'll shrug it off and often times laugh, but if you talk bad about a loved one, she won't hesitate to put you in your place and will square up if necessary. Not a lot of her friends go to her to rant or for advice because they don't want her to overreact.

	✩ extra
she always over exaggerates things and makes weird faces/reactions. She's like a walking and talking meme.

	✩ fashionista
whether it be a new fashion trend or she creates her own, Jintara is always wearing something fashionable. Even when she’s not around others, she’ll sometimes just dress up for fun and have her own fashion show. She’s mostly seen wearing either heels or doc marten boots. 

	✩ curious
she's a nosy Nancy and many things intrigue her. If she's sees or hears something that makes her wonder, she will go the farthest length to find the answer. For example, she could see blood leading to an alley, and instead of calling the police, her impulsiveness and curiosity will overtake her and without second thought, her feet will be carrying her closer to the blood. To be honest, she is intelligent academic wise, but when it comes to common sense she's not so bright and is always out doing stupid adventurous things that will either get her killed or in a lot of trouble.

likes: 
	✩ moomin
	✩ strawberry ice cream
	✩ social events
	✩ fashion
	✩ skinship
dislikes: 
	✩ tomboy fashion
	✩ rude and judgemental people
	✩ being called "preppy"
	✩ getting interrupted while speaking
	✩ being bored
trivia: 
	✩ has tons of different sized moomin plushies and named her favorite one LuuLuu
	✩ can only bake, not cook
	✩ gets frustrated and jealous easily, but is good at covering it up
	✩ loves calling her friends “hoes” or her “main bitch/bitches”
	✩ will do things that others are often afraid to do
why you work at HH: to help others make friends and cheer up if they're feeling miserable
favorite color: burgundy
clothing style: chic (mostly heels and high waisted shorts and skirts)
face claim: (G)I-dle's Shuhua
backup: Weki Meki's Lucy

﹁L O V E
wattpad username: @-Jintara
love interest: Renjun
backup: Mark
relationship: 
﹁start: the conversation is awkward at first for Renjun as Jintara is very confident about her feelings and she will constantly flirt with him and joke around. She doesn't even try to find the fact that she likes him.

﹁middle: he starts to warm up to her a little more, but is still a little awkward during calls. But not to worry as Jintara's got it covered. She always has something to talk about and Renjun never gets tired of listening to her speaking.

﹁end: he is head over heels in love, but he is nervous to confess to her, scared that he will get rejected. When he finally gains enough courage to admit his feelings, she jumps in joy and teases him slightly for ever thinking that she would reject him. "I thought I made it pretty clear from the start that we were soulmates." They are both now fully comfortable with each other and tell each other everything.

your song: Xylo - Alive 
place you often go: the park

﹁R E Q U E S T
requested scenes: (with friends, family,max. 6)
	✩ she goes home to visit her family during a holiday, only to find that they've cleaned all her stuff out and it's like she was never there in the first place
	✩ forcing her friends to go shopping with her
	✩ her and the boys clowning around together
	✩ doing things and going places as a squad
	✩ a family argument where Jintara explains why she left in the first place

requested scenes: (with LI. max. 5)
	✩ moomin marathon
	✩ them doing dumb things together
	✩ he says that he hates her and she is really hurt because she wants his validation the most, but she hides her true feelings and says that she hates him back
	✩ she styles his outfits and has a mini fashion show with him as the judge
	✩ they meet in real life for the first time and Renjun gets so embarrassed that he runs away

quotes you say: (for more character in the book)
	✩ "Zoinks Scoob"
	✩ "Fuckity fuck fuck, I'm gonna hit you with my truck"
	✩ "Y'all are fucking dumbasses"
	✩ "I thought Washington, D.C. was in Washington..."
	✩ "WHOO! PARTY HARDY BITCHES!"


EXTRA- i don't really know you as a person, but from what i can tell, you would most likely match with Jisung because you seem nice, but everyone has a secret evil side and you kinda seem like the person to act innocent, but play pranks and be a very mischievous child.


password: let's see... I love NCT because they are a bunch of crackheads. no jkjkjk. I love NCT because to they always put a smile on my face and they each have such unique personalities, but they are all very hard working and passionate about what they do. Everyday they inspire me to do better and to work hard. Not to mention that all their songs are fuckin B O P S. 

message: hello uwu! i hope you guys had fun filling out this form! please make sure you've made it the best you can! i'm super excited to start a new apply fic and i ask for no one to report this one please ;-; - kaylee

SKSKSK WHO REPORTED YOUR BOOK BEFORE WHAT THE FUCK

but anyways, i hope you enjoyed my form and accept it >~<