Name: Choi Haeun

Age: 20

Gender: Female

Sexual Orientation: Straight

Race/Ethnicity: Full korean

Martial Status: Single

Are you single?: Single

Love interest: Jeon Jungkook 

Backup love interest : Kim Taehyung 

Face claim: Kim Yoojung

Backup face claim : Lee Sungkyung 

Personality: She could be described as ‘the mean girl’ by others - but she is simply being straight forward rather than hiding her thoughts. She’s quite narcissistic and ‘rude’, but she keeps herself to herself, not causing a scene -a snitch and backstabs for her own benefit: Usually stirs up a lot of drama and then likes to watch from afar. However, she obviously a bit more softer in the inside, and has actual intent rather than being an brainless zombie 

Do they have any siblings? Or a family? If so, what happened to them?: She grew up - living with her younger brother and her mother. (Their dad decided to leave them after the younger brothers birth) Her younger brother was always favourited by the mother! Currently - she’s living by herself, while her mother and her brother share an apartment together. 

 Are you on the run?  : Noo

How did you hear about us looking for new members? : Because she is normally outcasted because of her harsh views towards others, people from ‘different’ cliches have been telling her about this group - as an attempt to become friends with her. Growing curious, lots of things happen...

Background: As she was growing up, she had experienced favouritism between her brother, and had always had to look after him. She’s suffered quite a traumatic experience with friends, as she’s already expectant that they would judge her quickly rather than actually spend time to get to know her. Boos never had a boyfriend, so she’s a bit inexperienced 😌😌

 Friends/ Boyfriends/ Girlfriends? What happened to them? : Never had a significant other; she used to have a lot of friends, because of her looks rather than her personality, but they felt as if they didn’t really understand her, so she’s had an ‘off and on’ relationship with friends. But, she is normally alone and she likes it that way 

 Are you okay with leaving home?  Yess

Will you be okay living in a dorm provided by the Mafia?  : Yess

How would you confess to your love interest if given the chance? : Flirt with him constantly and drop all those signs, and continuously be straightforward and declare her love for him all the time

Do you know BTS? hMmMmm nOOOooO

Password : anything is good, but i would love to go to vietnam and try traditional pho