Chapter 2-Clash of Morals
Jay’s faced buried deep into the pillow mechanically rose as he heard his phone buzzing against his bedside table. He moaned, felt his forehead with his hand and then grabbed his phone. It read half nine, he should be up by now, was yesterday really that draining for him? He answered the phone, rubbed his eyes and crawled out of bed.
“Jay?” asked Rachel from the other end of the line. 
“Rachel,” Jay croaked with a laugh “Why the call so early?”
“I’m doing horse riding for most of the day but after watching the news this morning I knew I had to call. Congratulations on getting Falcon behind bars finally though.”
“It wasn’t easy,” Jay laughed. He slid off his pyjama bottoms and changed into a pair of jeans “But I appreciate it Rachel and it means one less psychotic criminal that the poor townsfolk half to endure.”
“Just don’t get too invested in MI6; I don’t want you to stress yourself out, or worse, get yourself hurt.”
“The sad truth is Rachel I’m in too deep; I fight crime nobody can stop. Capturing Nicholas Smith took me four attempts overall and he had also killed many MI6 agents beforehand.”
“Just, remember to take a breather every now and again, anyway I’ve got to love you and leave you. I have a horse riding lesson now.”
“Have fun and talk to you tomorrow,” Jay replied. 
“Bye,” Rachel giggled on the other end of the phone and hung up. Jay stared at the phone that lay in the palm of his hand, he just stared at the name “Rachel” with a picture taken several months ago containing them two as the recipient’s profile picture. A small smile grew and extended across his face. To his left and again set astray on the table was the black earpiece once again buzzing. Jay darted across to the table, picked up the earpiece and answered. 
“Hello?” asked Jay while slotting the earpiece into his ear.
“Hello Jay, this is Divine, after the arrest of Nicholas Smith several members of authoritative positions in terms of wellbeing and protection of England are to meet in MI6 headquarters sharply in an hour. The near assassination of three powerful people in our society in an embarrassingly short amount of time was an eye opener Jay.  Adam Michaels and Paul Harrison are already here with Magenta Harrison and Sarah Porter arriving shortly and unlike Friday do actually be on the best of your behaviour Jay, even if the colonel does go into a rant like previously, we are trying to set an example.”
“Yes Mr. Divine,” Jay responded.
“Good, although admittedly with one seat left unaccompanied at the meeting it will look rather awkward.” Johnny entered Jay’s bedroom but quietly was immediately shewed out. 
“If you have a seat that needs filling I have a good friend and someone that takes protection of society incredibly seriously that can come.”
“Well yes,” Divine coughed “That would be beneficial, what is his name?”
“Stephen Kokoshi,” Jay answered “He was the cop that saved my life on Friday from the masked gunman.”
“Then if what he is saying is correct then the man is a hero,” Divine laughed “After the meeting I might very well organise a ceremony with a medal of bravery to be presented.”
“I’d like that to happen,” Jay smirked “Anyways, I’ll swing by MI6 then in an hour’s time, see you then.”
“See you,” Divine responded. The earpiece cut out. Johnny re-entered the room.
“Yes, Johnny?” Jay asked.
“I just came to ask if you were going out today for MI6 work,” Johnny responded innocently. 
“I am, but what reason would you ask that for?” 
“Just curious,” Johnny countered. He walked away attempting to slam the door behind him but turned and walked back into Jay’s bedroom “You should probably tell mother, who’s downstairs, you’ll be going out today. You haven’t spoken a word to her since Friday when she left you off for school.”
“You’re right, Johnny, completely right actually,” Jay agreed.
“I wouldn’t have said it if it wasn’t right,” Johnny winked and slammed the door shut. Jay yawned and began searching his room for his four elemental gloves. Inferno was lying on the table with his earpiece and Shadow was left on the blanket after his bed, it fortunately was recharged. That was half of the gloves discovered and shoved into the pockets of the jeans, now was the problem of finding the other two. Jay acknowledged his bedroom wasn’t the biggest so finding his other two gloves wouldn’t be impossible. After doing a full three sixty degree turn he spotted the third glove, Aquarius, fired on top of the book shelf. Jay grabbed it.
“Now,” he muttered to himself “Where on earth is Everest? Of course it would be the last one I would find.” He looked to the ground directly in front of the door and laid his eyes upon it; with one fell swoop he lifted up the glove and stuffed it into his pocket. He opened his bedroom door, closed it behind him and rushed down the stairs to the living room where his mother was reading the front page of the newspaper. She was the same age as Divine with old reading glasses worn. Her blonde hair formed into a neat bun. 
“You weren’t hurt last night, were you Jay?” Mrs. Divine asked. 
“No,” Jay argued “Not a scratch mother.”
“Good,” she nodded and continued reading the paper “I don’t know what you or your dad was thinking letting you fight Falcon alone.”
“I captured him didn’t I? And uninjured too,” Jay continued. He sat down on the armchair facing his mother “Like it or not mother but my method of capturing criminals is the best way, if I wasn’t there to stop them half the MI6 agents would be killed trying to stop him.” His mother set the newspaper behind and lowered her head.  
“I know Jay,” she murmured “I just wished that risking your life to save others wasn’t the best alternative.”
“Unfortunately it is,” Jay responded with finality “It seems like I’m the only person in the world that has the control over their gloves and actually uses it for good.” He slotted on his glove and transformed into Aquarius.
“Are you leaving again?”
“Yes, I have an MI6 meeting to attend and I have to be there sharply,” he informed, opened the living room window and launched himself outwards. The torrents from his feet enlarged and grew more powerful firing him into the air and allowing him to somersault through the sky. He headfirst dived downwards to the ground until he was a foot away and fired two torrents of water, one from each palm, allowing him to be catapulted once more into the sky. He landed on a rooftop of a nearby clothes shop and took a few seconds to take a breather and admire the busy city life before him. Jay walked a few steps, approached the rooftop’s edge and then sat down once again watching the unaware townsfolk passing by, some even entering and leaving the shop directly beneath him. Jay swiped open the phone in his hand and called Kokoshi. It took no longer than three seconds before he picked up. 
“Jay?” Kokoshi asked.
“Yes,” Jay bluntly replied.
“Wow, I never actually expected you to call me, uh, congratulations on the Falcon takedown yesterday by the way, I knew I could rely on you.”
“Thanks for the callout,” Jay replied “Without you being there I would’ve never got him…On the topic of being at places; how far are you from the MI6 building?”
“About twenty minutes. I’m going for my morning jog, why?” asked Kokoshi.
“MI6 are hosting a meeting with the likes of Colonel Harrison and Sarah Porter to crack down on the wellbeing and protection of the country, I asked if you could come and the head of MI6, Divine, agreed.”
“Well sure,” Kokoshi nervously laughed at the other end “I’d have to get changed though.”
“Meeting starts in an hour, sharp.”
“Right, I can make that,” Kokoshi replied “Thank you so much Jay.”
“You saved my life days ago Kokoshi, it’s the least I can do.”
“I know, but still, it’s very much appreciated and something you didn’t have to do Jay,” he laughed “And maybe afterwards we could potentially go out for something to eat?”
“Sure, I know some of the best diners in the area,” Jay replied “Anyway, I should head on, chat to you at the event.”
“Yes, of course, see you.” The call ended. Jay leaped off the building and landed on the pavement. Realising for the first time in a while he had some time to himself Jay wandered around the town confused. Several people looked at him in his Aquarius outfit shooting either looks of confusion or awe. After a minute or so of walking Jay approached a bakery, unfortunately not the one he had previously went to, he entered hastily. The middle aged man at the counter with a beard that different variations of hair length stopped his work at looking through the till then looked at him and opened his mouth completely drowning in astonishment.
“Hello?” Jay asked as he approached the man frozen and firmly rooted to the spot. 
“Hello, Aquarius,” he gulped and hurriedly positioned himself behind the counter “What can I get for you?” Jay eyed one of the baguettes in the corner of the room. 
“Just one of the baguettes,” Jay replied. The man nodded, grabbed at the paper bag rack with the intention to lift one and instead grabbed a dozen. He nodded his head and hastily grabbed a baguette from the rack and placed it inside the bag.
“One pound please,” he ordered and slammed the bag onto the top of the counter. Jay felt for his pockets and instead felt the fabric of his Aquarius suit. He groaned, removed his glove and began searching his pockets for the money. It took a few seconds for the man to speak, possibly that was the length of time it took for him to muster up the courage to speak again “Don’t worry, it’s on the house.”
“Oh,” Jay blushed and snatched the baguette “Thanks.”
“No problem,” the man nervously giggled. Jay grasped the bag and approached the door “Wait!”
“What?” Jay asked and turned around on his heel. The man produced a chewed pen from his pocket.
“Could I like, uh, have an autograph, but of course, you don’t have to if-”
“Yeah, that’s fine,” Jay smiled. The man dropped all but one