Mike & Maria Kanellis also asked for their release several weeks ago and were turned down. They haven’t been used much since. Pro Wrestling Sheet reported the story. Maria denied it. It was already done long before it broke but the original story was accurate

“Bumblebee,” the latest Cena movie as part of the Transformers series, which got great reviews, has done $117.3 million domestic and $296.4 million overseas or $413.7 million total after five weeks

Jeffrey Pollack, who was the Chief Marketing and Strategy Officer and Special Advisor for the Los Angeles Chargers, was named President and COO of the XFL, where he’ll join with Oliver Luck in overseeing the new league. Pollack started in sports business by launching Sports Business Daily in 1994 before taking a job in NBA management in 1998, and also worked as Managing Director of Broadcasting for NASCAR and was the Commissioner of the World Series of Poker from 2008 to 2009

John Ourad of Sports Business Journal, who is a leading business insider, made these predictions regarding WWE next year. He said that the XFL would get a surprising amount of interest by broadcasters. In fact, it already has. As noted before, they want to announce their broadcast partner shortly, perhaps in the next week. His predictions were that ESPN would go hard with the idea of putting the games on ESPN+, that NBC would go after them for USA Network programming but he expects it will end up on FS 1, with a few games each year, like the championship final, on FOX. Right now the most serious talks are with ESPN and FOX. In each case it’s about the season on ESPN or FS 1, but to have a couple of big games on either ABC or FOX to kick things off and maybe give credibility to the championship games. He also predicted that Smackdown would be increased to three hours with the third hour on FS 1. As much as that idea will make people scream, because of how much the three-hour Raw has burned out fans, if you look at time, resources and money, what is better for the company financially and use of time for the live audience, a third hour of Smackdown that they get paid for and on FS 1, which helps on a station where it would be a regular strong rated hour by that station’s standards, or taping 205 Live in that hour and putting it on the network, where viewership is very low, and in reality, it will make zero difference in WWE subscriber numbers and revenue, and at least the live audience won’t be as apt to leave or not pay attention

The rival AAF will be promoted by CBS during the Super Bowl, will debut on CBS in early February and run regularly on CBS Sports Network. They also will have more cooperation from the NFL to the point there is a possibility if not a probability of games on the NFL Network