Unlike their previous procedure, this one would take much, much more.

The moment they arrive inside the Research facility, the Necromancer is met with several servants, all preparing the necessary tools and materials to perform this surgery. His hands are thoroughly washed, and it's not too long until the cloak is removed, leaving his clothing to a point where his movements would not be restricted and it would not be tangled up.

All to ensure that it goes right.

"Lay down. Expose the wound."

A simple and direct notion, one that he expects her to do- in the meantime, he prepares the syringe, one that seems to contain a chemical within it - to those that know, it seems to be similar to lax essence, except more concentrated. Perhaps, used for local place rather than a drink?

"This might take a bit. But, ah... there won't be pain otherwise. Look away if it's not pleasant to you."

And then, he waits. Now it would only be up to the Drakaness before the man can continue.
(Arthur Rowan)


 "It's not really a wound, per se.." 

 Her voices goes low once again, her eyes drifting elsewhere in mild thought. "When he attacked me...He wasn't focusing on my body. Instead, it's mostly my mana circuits. They're burned. Damaged. I'm not sure if you're capable of doing anything but...Considering you are a necromancer, I suppose you might." In the end though, she isn't reluctant to have him look. She just knows that the wounds that she possesses aren't external. Instead, they're interna. For now though, she does what she is told after taking off cloth and armor, revealing bare flesh to the ex-Adjudicator.

 "He was...More than capable of fending himself from me. His magics- his skills. It was as if he fought me before." A pause is given. "Or maybe...My fighting style has granted me 'infamy' in my time." She's reluctant to admit true defeat. No, she's almost certain that there's another way. There has to be another way..

 Right? 

 "...What do I do, Arthur? I'm- I'm beginning to lose more than I win. The younger people are becoming better than me. I'm afraid that I might not compare in a few years time." It's both good and bad...But mostly, frightening from her own standpoint.
(Bei Rowan)

It obviously did not involve simply the scars of her flesh.

It was more than just that. Though, still, the procedure began as always from disinfection- even if inflammation has gotten a lot less, perhaps even gone at this point, it would be for the best to ensure that no bacteria can make its way to the wound and fester once again - before she knows it, Arthur already carefully pours the hydrogen oxide over the wound, far before anything else is done.

It stings, but not that bad at all.

"I'm aware. It's... some people with their magic can do better against you than the others, really. It all depends on fighting style of each."

"There's a reason why Lucien stayed on top of me everytime, and I could not defeat him, or had a very hard time doing anything whatsoever. The way he fought... it doesn't quite match what I do."

The syringe that was filled with chemical is gently pierced over and over again around her wound, for three consecutive times, in a circular shape. The tiny injection follows, under forty-five degrees angle, and the numbness comes. It does not drive her sleepy, or unconscious, but... it's sufficient to say that she could hardly feel anything around her wound with passing time.

"Maybe we could make you into something else altogether."

"Or... my offer still stands. With gifts of Necromancy, I believe there come other gifts... ones that could even help you fight."

"But we can always do both too."
(Arthur Rowan)


 "I suppose." She didn't enjoy the thought of being bested by someone from Huangzhou- no less, someone who looked at her as if she were 'nothing'. Ultimately, the issues that preside are things that cannot simply be helped. She wants to become more. She wants to become better and yet...All of those feelings felt rather 'fleeting' in comparison to what she felt before. For now, the woman just waves an idle hand. "I suppose that we've all got our weaknesses then. I imagine that in due time...I'll be fighting Lucien or something of the sort. Considering our last meeting went rather awkward." Her gaze darkens considerably, a sneer appearing upon her lips.

"It was obviously a trap made by the both of them. Or perhaps, mostly orchestrated by Lucien himself. None of it made any sense at all...Not even their solution." She grumbles, her gaze narrowing considerably as she winces from the trio of injections around her wound. It's...Harsh. Extremely so. 

"I'm still not sure about it. Perhaps, if there's nothing else that we can do..." A pause is given, followed by a frown. "What do you propse as far as...Making me something else altogether?" For now, the pain subsides...Her own body beginning to relax upon the table.
(Bei Rowan)

This is where scalpel enters.

Unlike the previous patchup was made, quick and unprofessional, the incision is made slow and careful, all around the plating he so unapologetically shoved to close the gash as quick as possible. It's made to carefully remove it, to reveal the flesh that was mostly healed by now, and yet still lacked proper treatment in order to close up entirely. That's why he's here, after all, to treat it even better.

"Maybe."

"I don't think Lucien wants part in this war, however. I think he's just... waiting. Now that he no longer needs to be busy with Baukengrad, he simply fled, feeding on his own and awaiting for the better time to strike out again."

"But yes... I always thought that this was the trap of sort, or a bait. It's why I wouldn't go alone, and it's why I insisted that he comes to Dawn instead. Even then, I thought it was fairly shady."

A push of the surgeon's knife. The removal of plating revealed a healed gash, with the distorted flesh that needed correction in how it healed- from a small scar that could be, there's a large wound that seems to be 'dry', but unproperly healed. Enough to stop the bleeding and most of the pain, but not enough to properly heal.

"As for changing you..."

"Perhaps you could give up your physical strength for refined manipulation of magic. Perhaps we could turn you into different fighter altogether... I'm not sure yet. We would need to think about it."

"Though, if you figure something out or you have something to suggest, do tell."
(Arthur Rowan)


 "He doesn't want to be a part of this war because he's tired. He expressed that much when we were at war with him.." A pause is given. "He might not wish to admit it, but he's scared. Vampires just hide that fact behind threats, grunts, and growls." Much like the Barbarians that once 'attacked' them for little to no reason. All in all, she imagines that it was just the wish or will to create trouble. Now though...Things will most certainly become rather difficult. Ultimately though, her words would soon die down into nothing...Her gaze fluttering towards the ceiling, tiny pin pricks of pain occurring as the surgeon's knife steadily pierces through flesh..

 "Changing me...I don't think it's very possible. I've trained my body. To somehow transfer that very knowledge into my magic seems rather...Impossible. Not with angelic influence." She shakes her head from left to right. "It's reckless." And it'd mean that she would have to adjust herself. Extremely so. For now though, the woman would only prepare herself for more changing, opting to merely breathe steadily to fight the incoming anticipation.

 "I think I just have to play up my strengths more often. I just...I need more power." It might be sad, but it's terribly true. She simply needs more strength. Enough strength to not only fight those that prove to be a threat...But to decimate the battlefield in one fell swoop. "I just need more...I think."
(Bei Rowan)

A gentle cut.

Where flesh was healed unproperly, it's separated again. For Arthur, it means that the bio-threads are necessary, and along with the needle, careful stitching of matter within begins- it's not the skin or any other tissue that undergoes such, but rather the muscle and flesh beneath. After all, proper alignment of such begins from the very core...

"Maybe not. If it's not possible to change you, then I suppose we could always resort to a gift of Necromancy. If not that either... then I'm unsure."

He doesn't know just yet what sort of plan she had on her mind, but it was not the time to ask - not when he was operating on her right here. The essence that was drained from her, the burn of the mana circuitry, it's relieved with the surge of mana that comes from the Rowan. From the cut, any capillaries that were unintentionally severed are mended again with the slightest hint of blood magic.

Thankfully, they were small enough to mend it easily.

"What do you plan to do, then?" He finally asks, when majority of this stage was done. "Do you intend to acquire something else?"
(Arthur Rowan)


 "...I'll be honest. I don't really like the idea of necromancy and becoming...An undead. I hear that people change once it happens. I hear that it makes them-...Different." Prone to mood swings, bouts of impossible violence, and moreso...An undeniable desire to have anything that makes them feel alive again. Ultimately though, she tries to remain herself. Which his somewhat...Stoic to all that occurs.

"...I think I have no choice but to work on my body. I have no choice but to use what I have and to become actually unstoppable." She has an idea. And well...It seems that she might be forced to consult Tim. But as of now, the woman just shakes her head from left to right...Avoiding the work being done onto her body, trying to somewhat..talk her way through the process. 

 "Unless you've got a different idea.."
(Bei Rowan)

It comes as a slow healing process.

Where the