Let me explain a few things.

 

No one has their marks downgraded at university. You earn marks by demonstrating knowledge and understanding. You start with nothing, and you show why you deserve more. You don’t start with everything and lose marks by failing to demonstrate mediocrity. That’s not how it works. It never has, and it never will. You’re at a top ten UK university. If you want something where you get the highest possible grade by simple doing what you’re told, you’ll find the University of Central Lancashire down the road.
 

You have no right to question academic judgement. Period. You simply don’t have the right. And if you think about it, it’s should be very clear why that is.
 

I just spent two hours of my Saturday evening moderating every single submission for this task. This was for my personal verification, not yours. Would you like to know what I found? Exactly what I expected. The work was all marked consistently, fairly, and in line with the marking scheme. The mark you received for each task is precisely what you earned. But I knew that already – because the staff on this module are of international calibre, and are trustworthy professionals.
 

As a courtesy, I feel compelled to raise two further things with you. Firstly, I have absolutely no idea where you’re getting your data from, or why on earth you think you can reverse engineer your own marks calculation and try to justify it to me. You need to understand the university marks in grades. It DOES NOT DEAL IN PERCENTAGES. EVER. Even if it did, the aggregation score of an A does not correlate to 80%, it would be 87.5%. But that’s irrelevant, as we never use percentages. You got an A. That’s a great score. How can you expect an A+ when you know you didn’t ace everything?

 

Secondly, you’re focussing way too much on grades. They’re simply not that important. Focus on developing your own knowledge and understanding. The marks simply aren’t that important anyway. A grade might get you an interview for a job. But it’s your experience, knowledge, understanding, reasoning, and skills that get you the job. If you start acting like a professional, and the rest will follow.

 

Joe