The vessel emerged from the darkness, it's face if you could consider it such was no more than unglowing indiscernible mangles of sensors and fiber optic eyes reading everything beyond in non-visible spectrums of light in the cold, evening sky. Like a spider slowly and silently descending into it's web to stalk a trapped insect for the sole purpose of stalking, rather than necessity, it emerges, inch by inch from the cradle that holds it, descending low before a silent blast of air emerges from it's vortex thrusters, rippling the air heat from its exhaust but no sound coming forth. 
The cradle it was formerly attached to inasmuch unseen as a whole emits but a soft click, drowned out by the mass of chaos that was occurring below. Within the device, a pilot lies submerged in amniotic fluids, eyes, orifices, ears, mouth, hands, even raw nerves connected to its interface to provide a fully submerged experience. On it's own and despite it's multiple eyes, it is still quite blind. But within a few moments the world is revealed to the pilot down to the micrometer, measurable, detailed, and perfectly seen in 360 degrees. For at the same time that this device emerges, as do four more, each one scanning with ancient technology that when networked forms the most detailed scanouts in existence, even by today's standards. 
 The five vessels descend below from the dark above into the underside of Shangri-La, far beneath the perfect and beautiful top city and into the supporting structures below, where among the pylons and supporting webbing of buttresses, the intestinal network of subways, biomass energy plants, waste disposal units, barracks, workstations, security checkpoints, all of the refuse gathers, both living and dead, cargo containers, sections of ancient spaceships and even imported streets and buildings all are attached to the supporting structures in a chaotic and undecipherable mass of life and unspeakable things that happen in the dark. 
Lights are visible, eateries, clubs, capsule hotels and clinics, churches, holographic and physical billboards, restaurants, markets, and innumerable homes all form this unidimensional space of the New Kowloon; Lower Shangri-La.
 Like some perverse arcological and living piece of landscape architecture and public art installation combined, every single structure, motion below, flight of vehicles or transport of poorly cobbled and improvised train rails all point towards the center, where the chaotic mass of existence rises in an obscene and phallic network to rise in the center like nerve cells meeting in a spinal column of electricity and information always passing and moving without end. Populations were counted and treated as biomass in terms of the viral spread of both disease and information. 
At the center hub, all things that shine begin having relative symbols and colors, blues, green, cooler and colder whites, and all come to the apex where the visible shape and symbol is of power, the circle with the vertical slash through the upper apex; the transhumanist power symbol, lies in advertisement of this perverse dystopia of technology. Into this, the devices begin to sink, sensors operating with deadly accuracy. And in all arrays that blink to life, one name, one face is the target for all.
 Below, the universe of New Kowloon that writhes and seethes beneath the utopia above never sleeps, nearly every walking and flat space occupied by Humans and Recoms alike all focused on whatever task that may be present at hand to execute in their own, small lives. In this particular evening, heads are turned towards media being broadcast, on handheld units, cybernetic interfaces, large square newsfeeds hovering over the crowds below, the face of a terrorist, the face well known, speaking to the public,
"This is war. I make wars with mine enemy and watch as they fall before me!" The man, a lime-green furred Recom speaks with a heavy cockney accent. Behind him, are the rough makings of a spaceship's cockpit, and just beyond, the surface of a dead desert world, a generic, boring looking one at that. As he speaks, sensors display objects penetrating his vessel's hull, alarms going off, the cockpit shuddering and hissing heard far off. 
Occasionally, someone stops to see the broadcast. The voice simply won't stop. In the background, a tinny speaker makes noise, almost white noise heard broadcasting, but some strange, fast, hard rebellious 20th-century music; anarchistic. The man's green hand seizes the camera recording him, turning it towards the other side of his cockpit, you can see out the far side of his scanners, a small armada of vessels, confederate marked. In New Kowloon, a woman pauses a trade with a man for a dead skinned cat he's preparing to place in a bag for her, turning to see the screen. Elsewhere, men working a noodle counter listen on their communicators. More people are tuning in.
"This is a terror that no man has dared face." He speaks. Behind him, his coms are receiving messages from the Confederate vessels, squawking and ordering him to stand down, faintly heard, almost complementary to the background music. He turns to the stereo, turning it up, the music drowning them out,
"One that has brought death to thousands, even under your own noses. And these confederates are here to kill me for it, to interfere in my war." He says. He turns the camera back to the section of the screen showing desert below. High above, one of the devices lands on a communication tower, landing gear retracting and clinging to its frame, a large section of screens in the city going dead instantly as a result. The devices spread out further. Somewhere, a fire is lit, a fireball rising and casting a glow over the network of buildings here.
"They won't come any closer, knowing that they too would be harpooned and dragged towards the planet by the traps launched from its surface. And as soon as I leave this space, my life is forfeit. Because unknown to most of you," He smiles.
"I'm an android." Another data feed in the city is cut, but more screens elsewhere come on. Three of the Hunters suddenly burst into life, lights coming on as they drop into the city above the heads of people below, vortex thrusters kicking in and flying down, sensor arrays lighting up and weapons emerging from their cradles. Holographic warning lights play, displaying the words 'CONFEDERATE DATA QUARANTINE' in flashing red and blue floating text above them, starting to herd groups of now panicking people down the narrow alleys they invade, blocking them off. One of the three suddenly turns, flying inside of a building the other two surround and herd people from. Within, a fireball consumes it's inhabitants and both ends of the networked cargo containers spew flames, furniture and fleeing people. More people are watching the feeds, even now.
"I have, no rights. I took these actions against the pirates on this planet below in their hidden metropolis not out of orders or programmed prerogative, but me own volition." The view turns towards his face, eyes looking startlingly human, even as a Recom. One eye a slightly different hue than the other, remarkably normal, if not unique and well defined. His make-up resembles that of some derivative of a Hyena. Even then, in the highlights of the shadows and light falling over his face, you can see the scars and cuts, revealing the synthetic flesh beneath.
"I did it out of passion. And love. And conviction; defending the things I believe in for no other reason than the fact that long ago I -chose- to believe in them." He suddenly cracks a smile, a knowing, mischevious and rebellious smile. Proud to be in trouble. Much like the music, he too had the smile of an anarchist. A Punk.
 The wall of the building the device is in's roof collapses, the vehicle emerging upwards, the other two turning off their visible sensors and text displays and once more ascending up into the darkness above, moving on to the next location. The data towers the two are on are rising columns of blue smoke, a stink of failed electronics advertising the destruction delivers, they too move on to more portions of the city, systematically disabling datastreams and executing broadcasters, hackers, information merchants, one by one who broadcast this new truth.
"The moment these wankers get me, as an android, all of these things I feel, believe and love in the end make me no less a machine in the eyes of the Confederacy. No matter how cognitively real I may be, they will end my life; kill me, take me apart and try to understand why I'm not like the others. They'll find nothing in this electronic body anymore than they would find the soul in the body of a dead human man. I won't let them have the chance to think they can do it." He speaks, turning the camera off himself and back to the planet below. His hand presses a button, and with all the warning alarms of the harpoons dragging his omega vessel down into the atmosphere of the planet, the ship's bomb bay doors open, unleashing their cargo to descend directly towards the empty looking planet below, bombs visible, marked with soviet Cyrillic.
 A riot breaks out in the streets of New Kowloon, the platforms above, in the dark unseen places, a roar rises, and more fires break out in the city.
"In. This. Shit. Life. I still live this life on my own terms. And I die by my own terms, by my own choice. As an android; a machine, a talking toaster, I choose death in the interest of no other people or things but myself.  For all I had left, these bastards already destroyed!" 
 The warheads become glowing streaks in the sky, splitting and releasing their multiple payloads within, turning into glowing lines that arc downwards towards the planet. They disappear for a moment, then a sudden white glow erupts on the planet below soundless and spreading. All that's heard is the music. The wave spreads below, and suddenly the serene surface breaks, as though a