League of Legends, MOBA.

A MOBA is a Multiplayer Online Battle Arena

I feel as though this game in particular is comprised of three other types of games. 

Tower Defense, RPG, and RTS.

TOWER DEFENSE-
This element happens automatically (with a nudge here, a push there, etc)

As I'm sure you've noticed, minions will walk from your Nexus to the enemy's towers, down each lane. Their goal is to be killed for experience and gold for the players
near them, and to be used to 'tank' or 'eat' tower shots when trying to break down towers and get closer to the nexus. They will just repeatedly send waves of 
themselves down each lane, and slowly push against the enemy minions.

Other information-
Towers: These are arguably the biggest goal of the game. Destroy them fast, and destroy them with little casualty. But don't just run up and hit them. Towers shoot 
very strong missiles at nearby opponents, and at most in-game levels, they want to be avoided. Also note that attacking an opponent near their allied towers will 
cause the tower to start shooting you regardless if minions are around. By playing the game, you'll learn when to push minions faster to attack towers, and when to 
sit back and enjoy some last hits (will be mentioned in RPG section). Both are crucial to victory.


RPG SECTION--
The RPG section is what makes these games unique. Every game, characters start at level 1 with 475 gold, and end at level 18 with various gold amounts. Throughout the 
game, you must get experience by standing near enemy things that are dying. So any time an enemy minion or champion dies near you, you'll get experience. No gold 
though! Gold is received when killing things by your own hand, or assisting a friendly unit in killing a champion. Once you've got a couple kills, or a good amount of
last hits. It's time to go back to base and splurge on an awesome item. This section is very straightforward as it is just a couple things that are very common in RPGs. 

Don't take this for granted, it is the most important part of the fundamentals.

Other information-
Last-hitting- If you listen to someone playing League of Legends, they 'll often talk about this crucial technique. As you are in lane, the minions will attack each 
other and slowly lower each other's health. For most of the game, you don't want to aid in this. If you can keep the minions in the center (or even better, closer to 
your tower than theirs) you're in good shape. Well, how are you supposed to get gold if I'm telling you not to attack? LAST HIT. If you wait until killing a minion 
would only take one regular attack from you, and attack that minion, you'll have received its gold AND kept the minions from pushing as efficiently as possible. This 
may or may not sound impossible, but it's very simple once you practice it!

Item Builds- I've talked a little bit about this previously, but I want to hone in on a group of champions for various reasons. A lot of champions have static builds,
where you can build the same set of items every time and be fine, but others have incredibly varying builds. I mean the tanks of the game, the saviors, the solo tops,
the big dogs. Their builds are made only to counter the enemy team. The longer they stay alive, the longer the damage-dealers stay alive. So if everyone on the enemy 
team has a lot of Attack Damage (Referred to as AD, go figure), you'll want to build Armor. This could include: Frozen Heart, Randuin's Omen, Sunfire Cape, Thornmail, 
and Guardian's Angel. This isn't all of them, but this'll give you an idea. Each of these items has its own benefit, and they're better than each other in different
situations, but learning that will come with experience. Now, if the enemy team has a lot of Ability Power (AP), which is basically magic damage. You'll want to build
Magic Resistance (MR, for short). This could include: Force of Nature, Banshee's Veil, Quicksilver Sash, Aegis of the Legion. Again, these all have their benefits 
and uses, but aren't all of the magic resistance items available.

Shoes, Shoes, Shoes, Shoes, Shoes, Shoes.
Shoes are the only item you'll build every single game. Now you know you should buy them, but which ones? That depends on your champion, and who you're playing against. 
Here are the types of shoes, and when you should build them. (Going very in-depth as this is something every champion has in common) 
Note that all shoes except basic, swiftness, and mobility give the same movement speed

Basic Shoes- Level 1 movement, no bonuses. If you aren't starting with these, build them quickly. Quick boost in movement speed for little gold. 

Ninja Tabi- Shoes that give Level 2 movement speed, and also a little armor. Good for when the AD champions you're laning against are giving you a problem.

Berserker's Greaves- Level 2 movement speed, some attack speed. Good for the early game on AD champions, but should later be traded out for Mercury's Treads.

Mercury's Treads- Level 2 movement speed, and TENACITY. Tenacity is what reduces how long you're stunned/silenced/slowed for. Invaluable because few items have it.

Ionian Boots of Lucidity- Level 2 movement speed, and cooldown reduction. This reduces the time it takes your abilities to be used again when activated. Good on some 
AP champions, and champions with long cooldowns in at least 2 of their skills.

Sorcerer's Shoes- Level 2 movement speed, and magic penetration. This means that magic attacks will pierce a little bit of magic resistance. build these on AP champions.

Boots of Swiftness- Level 3 movement speed. These aren't amazing. Boots of Mobility seem to do the job better, but these can still be purchased for constant extra 
movement.

Boots of Mobility- Level 2 movement, increases to Movement Speed 5 when out of combat for 5 seconds. Lasts as long as you aren't in combat. These are great for 
speeding around the map, if you need that ability for helping teammates and participating in small skirmishes.

Note: Boots do not stack with each other, Tenacity items do not stack with each other. 
Building the recommended items isn't wrong, but there's always something better you can be building. You won't have tons of gold to spare in most games, wasting it 
is not fun.

RTS SECTION

The RTS element of the game is literally the strategy section.
Knowing when to push, go for neutral goals, teamfight, and be passive are all part of this. And again, a lot of this comes from experience, but certain things I can 
delve into.

Teamfighting is simple. Towards the end of the game, the only way to get anything done is to eliminate all 5 members of the enemy team, which would allow you to push 
several towers all at once. Gather up your teammates, stick together and fight 5 on 5 to the death. Winner gets a HUGE advantage: gold to the entire team for 
killing each member, and free roam on the map for a limited time (Because of death timers).


Neutral goals- 
The Dragon. Defeating this grants global gold and experience to the team that kills it. This can be killed pretty early,
 and should be killed co-operatively with multiple members of the team.

Baron. This is a really big objective, grants more gold and experience to the team. Should be killed very late, only when safe, and only with all five teammates.


Pushing and Not Pushing

Early in the game when laning, the most effective
thing you can do is be passive and attain last-hits.
The less you're attacking, the better. If an enemy gets too close, 
feel free to drop some harass, and punish him for trying to 
dominate you/putting himself in unsafe territory.

When the team feels it's necessary to take a tower, there's a certain set
of steps you can follow to pressure the enemy team enough to safely do so.
There's also different strategies you can follow depending on what you want
to get done and how fast.

When going for a specific tower;

1) Wait for the opportunity to safely slay an enemy, and strike. Having one
person down means they're outnumbered in every aspect.
2)Once that's done, quickly group up as many teammates as you can that
are close to create a push. In a 3 on 1 situation, it's difficult to protect
a tower while keeping yourself safe.
3) Don't let up until you're no longer safe (Basically, when the person you killed
has respawned, and it's going to be an even skirmish. Going from 3 on 1 to 3 on 3 means you'll lose
because you'll most likely have taken damage and they have a tower in their favor. If you've destroyed the tower, 
think over if fighting their team in the current situation would result in more gain than loss

"Just trying to get something done": 

This basically means that each objective is at about equal risk and gain, and you want to make some sort of move
that could end in your favor.

1) Pressure each lane. Attack your laning opponent(s) with everything, auto-attack minions so yours keep pushing.
  If this step goes perfectly, an enemy will leave one of the lanes to help another lane, and that's when you can quickly
gang up on the tower they left bare before the enemy can get anything done. (Remember, one person defending a tower is significantly
stronger than no people. If you have two people attacking a bare tower, where they have two people attacking a tower that one person's defending,
you'll come out on top)
2) If pressuring only pushed them back, this is a great opportunity for a neutral buff/objective. If their team is spread out and far back, you
have complete control over the map. This would allow you to get dragon, and then you could even gather all 5 people to take the nearest tower.
If only two people are at that tower, it's nearly impossible to protect it long enough for the rest of their team to come to the rescue.
Three is arguable, but still can be easily over-powered with some teamwork.
3) If by pressuring the lanes, you weren't able to