[Updated] Update 1.3 - New ride, new map tile and much more
21 DECEMBER - PIXELSPLIT
 
Hi,
 
We know you waited so long for this (us too!) - today we release Update 1.3 to you.
 
At first
Please note that you will probably have to re-adjust your screen resolution, when starting the game.
 
Furthermore it seems that the save location changed on some systems.
C:/Users/YourUserName/AppData/LocalLow/Zeichenkraftwer Jeutter & Schaller/Virtual Rides 3 maybe changed to C:/Users/DeinBenutzerName/AppData/LocalLow/Zeichenkraftwer Jeutter _ Schaller/Virtual Rides 3. Just copy the folder "Virtual Rides 3" from the old folder to the new one (old with & and new with _ in the path).
 
 
New ride and new map tile
We extended the map (to the left of the current city tile) and added a new ride to it. We hope you enjoy it!
 
 
New customization parts
We also added some new customization parts, several of which are Christmas themed. But more importantly we added a new effect part. We present to you: The Flamethrower.
 
 
Ride automatics (BETA)
To give the fairground a more lively feel we added automatic programs. These are started automatically when you enter a fairground tile. They are interrupted as soon as you take over the ride controls.
 
Please note that this is a beta feature, so it could have some bugs here and there. Also note that there is no automatic program for the Crazy Spin right now.
 
 
 
Other changes
Upgraded to new engine version which allows future improvements
Improved: Increased speed of animations in queue
Improved: Increased microphone volume
Improved: Performance (due to new engine upgrade)
Improved: Running lights also have a color during daytime
Fixed: Adjusted some of the navmeshs so visitors can walk more fluently
Fixed: Visitors glitching in the lot booth
Fixed: Graphic issues on some Mac devices
 
Future outlook
We are definitely not done here! In the next updates we will be working on:
Customizable logos (font + color)
Further performance optimizations
Support for MP3s for your custom music
More rides!