- the context of this situation, my best friend had convinced me her ex girlfriend was a clinical psychopath. she nearly successfully drove a wedge between us. she convinced her ex that i was potentially violent and might take measures to inflict serious harm on her. we had come to realize we had both been duped, manipulated and lied to -

We had both seen each other as potentially dangerous people so it adds a special dimension in terms of subtext.

-----------------------


Alexi mentions a severe burn a partner had inflicted during sex. She talks about their violent sexual endeavors. A smirk rolls across my face that I can’t seem to wipe off.

“Here, I’ll show you the scar she left.” she says.

She slowly pulls her sweatpants down to show me the scar, quickly revealing she’s not wearing any underwear. I do my best to pretend that I’m unphased that she is sitting there with her pants down and her vagina is exposed. In my head, I laugh expecting she’s going to sexually torture me. She already knows how attracted to her I am. She shows me more scars on her body, and eventually tells me that she’s been told she has a lot of scars on her back but she can’t see them.

“Here, I’ll show you. People tell me it’s pretty bad. I can’t see them myself. Are they as bad as people say?” she asks.

She pulls off her shirt and she’s also not wearing a bra. I throw my head back flustered in frustration with her back turned to me. I roll my eyes expecting the sexual torture to get worse. I examine her back and notice her back is covered by small scars. There’s a lattice of them covering nearly her entire back.

“Wow, it looks like you’ve been flogged for years...” I respond, the tension growing.

“Yeah a lot of people tell me that but I can’t see them. Could you take a picture of it so I can see for myself?” she asks nonchalantly.

“Sure... In a morbid way, I’m pretty impressed.” I say while grabbing my phone. The tension grows stronger and stronger. I rub my fingers down her back sensually plotting out the matrix of scars.

“This one seems really deep.” I say. I gently run my nail across the scar.

“So does this one.” I say, again gently running my nails down her back.

I grab my phone and take a picture. I gently rake my nails down since the tension is getting high, and we both act non-chalantly.

I take a picture and they’re barely visible. I show her and she reminds me she’s never been able to see them. I ask to take a second look and point out that it’s incredibly raised and irritated where my nails raked down her back.

She laughs. “Yeah, my skin does that. Do it more you’ll see how bad it gets.”

I smirk at her obvious invitation. I drag my nails down her back and watch the scars become raised and irritated.

“Wow, that’s intense. That’s a pretty impressive set of scars on your back. I’ve never tried knifeplay myself.” I respond.

“Have I ever showed you my collection of knives?” she asks.

“No, I’d love to though! I bought my ex some really cool knives and I regret letting her keep them” I respond.

She gets up and beckons me towards the large windows of her apartment. She has a dozen knives laying on a shelf.

“They’re made of deer bone. These ones are better for skinning animals. She grabs one in her hand. She brushes her finger down the tip of one of the knives.” she responds.

She has a beautiful collection, I think to myself. I admire all of the knives she has and she interrupts me.

“If you were to skin an animal, you’d go down it’s belly and down it’s arms” she motions with a knife in her hand.

“Of course I’ve never done it, but if you were going to skin a human I think you’d do it like this.” she walks closer to me with mystery in her deep brown eyes, appearing completely unphased. I smirk because I was convinced she was a sociopath for some time, and it seems to be some sort of morbid roleplay.

“If I were to skin a human, it would be something like this, but again obviously I’ve never done it.”, she repeats.

I look at her apprehensively and she gets in my personal space and it’s charged with sexual tension and mystery. I look at the shining knife with her hands and she approaches even closer. My eyes are transparently sexualized and I pause my body as she extends her arm and touches the tip of the knife to my shoulder. The cold sensation of the gentle knife sends electricity in my body and my nervous system is on high alert. I watch my the tip of the knife press into my skin.

She whispers, “I’d go from the shoulder to the sterum” as she drags her knife sensually down my body. She wields great power in this moment and our eyes stay locked. My eyes look at her with deep longing as my mouth smirks. She slowly takes the knife onto my right shoulder and my body shudders in sensation. My body arches as the tip of the knife is dragged onto my sternum again.

She whispers again, “... and then from the sternum, I’d go down the belly.” My body is overloaded with lust as she slowly and sensually takes this object of power so delicately down my body towards my center. I shudder with morbid desire in this high intensity roleplay with the unspoken but obvious undertones that I had believed she was a sociopath. My heart beat gets faster and a grin peels on my face. I look at her with eyes so deep with lust.

I take another knife off of her shelf and bite my lip. My posture straightens and the power pulsing through my body is incredibly arousing. I look at my reflection shining in the knife in the dimly lit room. I clutch it tighter and I instantly become drunk with power. I examine it closely, watching the light reflect off of the sharp heavy duty blade.

“Is this how you’d do it?” I say with playful eyes and a sultry grin on my face. She still appears mostly unphased. There’s so much mystery in her eyes and she manages to keep perfect composure in my lustful state.

“So first I’d take the knife down like this,” I say lowly while sensually dragging the knife from her shoulder across her breast and onto her sternum. Her eyes are unphased but her breathing becomes a little more rapid and a palpable tension tension is about to erupt. I look deeply in her eyes smirking.

“And then I’d do the same on the other side?” I ask. She nods and the mystery in her deep brown eyes conceal the mutual attraction but she’s shaking a little bit. I wonder if she’s scared because Cyndel suggested I’d be capable of murdering her. The dynamics of this situation are powerful with subtext and I bite my lip.

I drag the knife and lock eyes with her as I take the shining tip from her shoulder, across her breast and onto her sternum. My breathing becomes a little bit heavier. Her eyes reveal nothing but her body quivers.

“And then I’d go down the middle?” I whisper at last. I step just a little closer. Just holding this knife in my hands fills me with deep arousal and excitement. A serious power exchange and exchange of trust between two people who had serious misconceptions of eachother. I tower over her with a grin across my face. I look down at her smirking and lick my lips.

I look at the knife and clutch it and examine the way it reflects in the light, and my eyes meet hers again. I smile at her and tilt my head. I move a little bit closer to her so there is little room between us. I extend my arm equipped with a knife and pause as it touches her sterum. I take my time guiding it softly down her body and my body is erupting with passion.

“Like this? Am I doing it right?” I say lowly. My breathing becomes heavy as I drag it down towards her hips. My breathing becomes faster and the sexual tension has reached a point there’s no going back. The tension has managed to reach a threshold that I wasn’t prepared for.

I exhale deeply and her body quivers in anticipation. We finally lock eyes once more and I can no longer contain the sexual tension. I look at the knife that I’ve dragged below her bellybutton. My hands begin shaking a little. I put the knife back on the shelf and I aggressively lock eyes and grab her hips. I pull her towards me and my breathing is heavy. Her back archs as I draw my lips across her neck. I embrace her body and claw my fingers down her back pulling her body against until there is no space between us.

She delicately drags her arms up my back and holds me tighter as I gently bite her neck. Her head rolls back and I drag my tongue up to her ear and nibble her earlobe. Her breathing is rapid and I’m suddenly overwhelmed with my apparent loss of control and I step back to examine her reaction.

She motions towards her knife collection with raised eyebrows and a sulty look on her face. Her brown eyes still reveal nothing. She begins walking towards her bedroom, beckoning me. I smile and grab one of the knives on her shelf. I'm helpless in this wildfire, and meet her in the bedroom.

 I look down at her towering, not sure what to expect but I'm consumed by primal energy. I walk towards her dangling the knife loosely in my hands with a smug look on my face. Aggressively, I mount her and stare into those mysterious eyes of hers and smile. I take a moment to drag the knife softly on her clothes as I look more deeply in my eyes, a sinister expression beginning to form.

"Just tell me when you're gonna cut me. Say when." she says, looking up at me from below.

My loose grip on the knife gently traces her body as I smile maliciously. I place the knife on her chest.

"Take off your shirt." I said lowly, my eyes piercing and wild.

"No!" she responds, letting out a animalistic squeal.

The pathetic squeal reverberates in my mind and accesses some primal aspect inside me that I've never touched before. She begins to struggle under me. My body pulses with power and lust. She begins bucking her hips to try to eject me off of her. This is not a play partner I've established boundaries with. I give her room to escape under me in case she wants to