Qinae: The leading magic nation. Everyone who wants to learn magic or help research it goes to the colleges there. The biggest college is named after the city it is in but is often mixed up with the city. The city is called Sulease and the college is The College of Sulease. The land is seemingly peaceful but it has dark underground activities. Law enforcement is decent but doesn't want to touch the deepest underground stuff since it is much too dangerous.
	Quinae's language is speculated to be descended from the old Mairsa language. It is sometimes described as sibilant, with a many s sounds. The way they pronounce hard consonants is akin to clicking, and with more of a staccato. In the written script, letters in words are joined together, so each word looks as though it was written in a long, singular motion. 
	Most of Quinae's population is along the warm coast, which is where the nation got its start as a coalition of city-states. It's mostly flat land, with a few hilly areas. Most of the country has been urbanized and developed, with fewer Behemoth attacks here. However, the ones that do occur are much bigger and cause more damage than the average Dasken Behemoth attack. 
	Quinae is a monarchy, where the previous monarch's title is passed down in their family. Currently however, the heir (Prince Riali) is too young to take the the throne, so his aunt and tutor, Vaina, is running the country in the meantime. Unknown to most of the royal family, Vaina is the one taking steps behind the scenes to turn Quinae into a more democratic nation- which involves downplaying the power of the nobility. The power of nobles has actually been an issue with Quinae's citizens for some time now, with three attempts to oust the royal family and install a new government taking place over the last decade, with the most recent one having happened 6 years ago. Obviously, all of them failed, but it shows the stability of Quinae is slowly slipping downwards. The monarch's government over the past few years have done what they can to appease the people and increase their popularity both at home and abroad, but nothing seems to have stuck. 
	The culture of Quinae is a melting pot that varies in small, but noticeable ways from city to city. In general, Quinaen culture values hard work and self sufficiency, and from a young age children are expected to aim high and strive to be successful- especially academically, with that sort of expectation transferring to any future career they pursue. Higher education in Quinae is highly competitive, especially for positions at prestigious schools like the College of Sulease, or in any school that has a respected engineering program. Even most Daskens are a bit alarmed by the unforgiving, survival-of-the-fittest type atmosphere of these schools. Though with all the stress and tension caused by this ideology, the competition has also given rise to quite a few of Quinae's greatest technological advances, the most iconic being a certain machine used in the mining of Kintite- while it seems small, it allowed for Kintite-based items to be reasonably mass-produced, at least in Quinae, leading to a host of other advancements and more wealth for the nation. This also helped boost trade with Dask- who had only very small deposits of Kintite and relied on Quinae to make up for where they lacked. The fact that the warmer climate on Quinae allowed for a better variety of crops that Dask could not support helped. 
	 Quinae started as a loose collection of city-states in the eastern portion of the continent, with the states forming a none-too-formal coalition a few decades into the Leviathan era. They all answered to the throne of the biggest and most prosperous city state, Sulease. These cities grew and expanded, went to war with each other, and continued to do so as long as they did not interfere with Sulease- which was a hub of trading, and often exported precious minerals like Kintite to the other states. However, eventually these city states wished to break free of Sulease's control. What resulted was a century of turbulence, with the capital shifting around, civil wars, and the coalition splitting up and reuniting over and over. It was here Quinae's underground first developed, mostly as weapon smugglers and assassins. Eventually, things died down as the city states no longer had the resources to continue fighting. For a while, they peacefully lived as separate nations with the land they had taken during the war. It was when trading started again that Sulease slowly regained its control over the other states, leading up to them all being peacefully annexed- however, the states remained mostly autonomous. It was here where the name Quinae- roughly translating to "strong/prosperous family"- emerged to describe the new, united nation. While the city-states have more or less merged into one nation, Sulease remains the capital. 
	While not as strong as Dask, Quinae does have a respectable army of its own, and of particular note is its navy- which started as a bunch of state-owned fishing boats back when Sulease was its own city-state. To combat the Behemoths in the waters, these fishing boats became more heavily armed- eventually being used in the century of turbulence as warships against other states. Once Quinae was united for good, the fledgling government decided to keep the :fishing boats" around, and convert them into a proper navy. Other than the navy, one place where Quinae excels is its weaponry, especially Kintite-enhanced devices. Unfortunately, the ground army often becomes dependent on a few specialists or commanders, and quickly falls apart without them. 
	Religion isn't very structured, and is based on several legends and superstitions passed down through generations. The dominant religious philosophy is that everything living has a spirit, and these spirits should be respected- though not always revered. Gods are just spirits that gained enormous power by detaching themselves from their form in the physical world (which would make one's ancestors minor gods, in a way). This takes the form of symbols hung on doors to ward off malicious spirits, small shrines on graves to honor the spirits of ancestors, and small gifts left in the fields for the harvest gods. 
	One classic tale, of how behemoths came to be, is the story of Kinali the Deep Mother. She is said to be the spirit of a huge trench off the southern coast. The Kinali story was getting quite long, so you can find it here-> https://pastebin.com/z6nBwXFy
	The most widely-celebrated and recognized Quinaen holiday is the vernal equinox festival, also known as the Quinaen New Year, most known for the tournament Sulease holds to celebrate it that's open to contestants from around the continent. How the tournament works is that every contestant is given a different Kintite-enhanced melee weapon (all designed to minimize deaths of the contestants and non-lethally knock them out instead). In the first round, all contestants are put in the area together, and the last 16 standing are moved on to the next rounds, which follow a more traditional elimination-style duel-based format. Other celebrations include smaller, local tournaments, outdoor art exhibits open to the public, and the nobles inviting their subjects into their estates for cake. 
	Quinae has an amicable relationship with Dask, solidified by the Dasken-Quinaen Exchange Treaty. While the treaty mainly deals with the terms of trade between the nations, it also allows Dasken forces to be sent to Quinae to deal with Behemoth attacks, and for Quinae to send compensation to Dask for this. 

	The Quinaen Underground is made up of criminals, Ermanen warlords, corrupt law enforcement, nobles who buy their "products", plus those who see nowhere else to go- such as those who are otherwise unemployed, or who dropped out of school- who either join the criminals or end up as one of their "products". Basically, the Quinaen Underground is a network of criminals and the people who pay them to do unsavoury things like assassinate political rivals, or smuggle in contraband to and from Ermane. One infamous part of the Underground are the human traffickers- who kidnap people and sell them into slavery, usually to nobles looking for cheap servants or consorts. There have been many attempts by Quinaen law enforcements to cripple the Underground and reduce its impact- but these have all gone awry due to internal corruption, and heavy security and secrecy around the criminals involved.