A. INTRODUCTION

The Prophet Muhammad is an end-time prophet who has always been a role model that will never be denied the truth. It is the one who guides mankind towards a brightly lit road that is always illuminated by the light of Islam. Islam. With the birth of this end-time Prophet, Islamic rules were created which were full of harmony, brotherhood and balance with the elimination of disputes, conflicts and wars.

How wonderful is the service of the Prophet Muhammad to all humanity in this world. So it is appropriate for us as his people to always remember him and try his best to practice what he has been taught. Because what he has said, done and determined has become the basis of all Islamic law after the Qur'an which has no doubt the truth. Because by following what has been taught by him to us, then we will be recognized as his people later on Judgment Day.

One of the ways to show our love to the Prophet Muhammad is to remember his birth. Mawlid Prophet is a very great form of appreciation to him and we must be proud to have this great day. By implementing this activity, hopefully it will create motivation and inspiration for our love for the Prophet Muhammad and always carry out the Sunnah.


B. PURPOSE AND OBJECTIVES
The media is in harmony and enhances the Islamic Brotherhood.
Motivation to improve yourself to be better.
As a facilitator to foster love for the Prophet Muhammad.
Filling the great momentum of the Prophet's Birthday with useful activities.
Increase faith and devotion to Allah SWT.

C. FORM AND THEME

The form of this activity is the Commemoration of the Great Day of Islam in commemoration of the birthday of the Prophet Muhammad. As for the theme of this activity is "increasing love for the Prophet Muhammad"

D. TIME AND PLACE

Tuesday
Date: January 29, 2019
Time: 08:00 s / d Completed
Place: NAGARA VOCATIONAL SCHOOL, Kedunggalar

E. SUSUNAN ACARA
Opening
Reading of the Holy Qur'an
Indonesia Raya Song
Remarks: (1) Chairperson of the Committee (2) Principal
Mahallul Qiyam
Prayer performance from representatives of each class
Distribution of Class Meeting Prizes
Closing / Do'a

H. RESULTS OF ACTIVITIES

This activity is a commemoration of the birthday of the Prophet Muhammad, in which this activity is filled with religious events, namely prayer. In addition, the event was also filled with the blessing of Class Meeting prizes. This activity was held to build a spirit of Islamic da'wah and strengthen good relations between students. or between teachers.

I. OBSTACLES OF ACTIVITIES
Many students were absent
Lack of preparation to fill the event
Lack of coaching

J. ADVICE OF ACTIVITIES
Reaffirming the discipline of students to take part in every activity held
More active and creative preparing the concept to fill the event
Asking the awareness of the coach to pay more attention to each event / activity

K. CLOSING

So we made this Mawlid Prophet Activity Proposal. We hope that this activity can be a motivation and inspiration. Motivation for the future residents of Pamulang Regency to be better than now and always eager to carry out Islamic law. Inspire all people or Muslims in general and especially for local residents to always try to improve themselves and try to always follow the example of the Prophet.

Finally, only to Allah, all matters are surrendered and only to Him, I hope for help. May all that we do get convenience and success, and with the hope that this activity will be recorded by Allah as a deed that is always blessed by Allah. Min