Disclaimer: I am not going to spoil the entirety of the Direct since there is a lot of new stuff coming out, but anyways here we go.


Nintendo Direct
21st February 2019

*the Direct starts with some 3DS announcements, no surprises here

Kirby’s Extra Epic Yarn: it talks about the demo, Devilish Mode and the Yarn Kirby And Prince Fluff amiibo, (Similar To The Yarn Yoshi Amiibo) and the game will be released Worldwide March 8th

Yo-Kai Watch 3: no suprises here.. Just talk about the main campaign and the game being released now.

I didn’t want to linger around the 3DS since it was stuff everybody has already known about.



*Switch Announcements Begin With...*

Luigi’s Mansion: Hotel Of Horrors: the story, gameplay and 2 Player Co-op is shown, but like I said I don’t want to spoil The entirety of the Direct since there’s a lot to go by. But the game will release October 20th just in time for Halloween.

ToeJam And Earl Back In The Groove: Once Again it talks About Story And the game releasing March 1st

Animal Crossing: Seasonal Springs: with a 7 minute showcase reveals many GameCube Animal Crossing Features returning, like daily glowing spot and unlocking SNES Games,no NES because of Switch online, and the game also adds.. new villagers, new fossils, bugs and fish! and the cell phone, it will also have connections between Seasonal Springs and Pocket Camp... It Releases June 12.

Roblox: it won’t be shown in the Direct but a trailer will be shown on nintendo’s YouTube channel after the Direct, the game will try to handle 60fps and cross platform play. It will release 5th March

Crash Team Racing Nitro Fuelled And Spyro Reignited Trilogy: The game will be in a double pack and will be availible 21st June

Indie Game Montage: a 2 Minute trailer is shown showcasing The Lego Movie 2 Videogame, Roblox, Pikuniku,  Dragons Lair Collection, Trials Rising And More!


The Direct takes a break in the middle to showcase Rhythm Heaven Tour: it’ll showcase the original Rhythm Heaven Form, rhythm toys, playable credits, drum / guitar lessons.. Everything. The Challenge train returns but with The ability to create custom challenge trains and upload them to an online service without Switch Online (Custom Remixes Would Be Too Hard To Create), Challenge Train VS is a new feature were you battle people around the globe and do missions like ‘score the most points (Score Goal) be the last one standing (Life Goal) gobble up (player you are battling) (Monster Goal). An update will appear with Rhythm Heaven Megamix where you can link RH Tour With Megamix And then you can play Megamix’s Campaign, Games, And Challenge Trains all remastered in HD. Use rhythm coins to unlock more bonus games from past RH games like showtime, ninja bodyguard 2, drummer duel and all remixes from past games, some ds remixes will only require the stylus. And the game being released on October 3rd, also.. a exclusive *character* amiibo and a special edition Nintendo Switch console, with the game soundtrack on a CD, a physical version of the game and neon yellow and pink joycons. And it being released October 3rd.

Like I said there’s a lot of stuff to talk about So I won’t go too deep.


*the Direct Returns With...*

Boxboy And Pushmo Collection: Like With Crash and Spyro, it will be a cheap double pack on one cartridge and will release September 11.

Team Sonic Racing: shows all characters and some of the maps, and the game being released 22nd May

Yoshi Crafted World: Not much new Is shown but the game release being 29th March

There is more stuff around here but I won’t spoil all of it.

The Direct Ends Here But As Always The Screen Goes Black To Reveal...



Super Smash Bros Ultimate DLC Fighters: A 2 Minute trailer is shown off, with Koopa Troopa And Shy Guy From Super Mario,
Will Join The Fighter Pass When It’s Out.

Shy Guy Then ends up in a jungle and found out he was with olimar and a bunch of pikmin, red, blue, yellow, flying, rock, including white, purple and new kinds of pikmin. That probably teased the possibility of a 4th pikmin game...

That’s all for the Nintendo direct. Like I said it’s not good and it’s not the entirety of it it it’s a good magority of it.