ForkinSpoon: Hey Hybs
Hybs: hello.
Hybs: how are you
ForkinSpoon: Doing well, how are you cutie?
Hybs: I'm ok thanks
Hybs: getting into the holiday spirit huh
ForkinSpoon: lmao does this make it better?
Hybs: cute.
ForkinSpoon: Haha, not as cute as this lil pawg though
Hybs: thanks.
ForkinSpoon: Of course, dear.
Hybs: size matters, huh?
ForkinSpoon: hm, your thoughts on that matter?
Hybs: its impressive
ForkinSpoon: haha, glad you think so
brimarr: Evening
Hybs: welcome back Sir Brian
Hybs: does IMVU keep crashing on You both too
ForkinSpoon: A lil bit right now
ForkinSpoon: running very sluggish for me tonight
Hybs: -nods-
Hybs: it crashed on me 4 times before I cleared my cache
ForkinSpoon: damn, guess i need to do that if i crash again
brimarr: Yes it's been fuckin me tonight
Hybs: -nods-
Hybs: guess this is IMVU's christmas gift to everyone lol
brimarr: Haha
brimarr: No kidding
ForkinSpoon: lmao, i feel like it's always like this around christmas time
Hybs: true
Hybs: hello Lance
Hybs: I'd like to know who reported this rooms description earlier
Hybs: I guess I should get more festive since its two nights before the holiday
lKing: Ohhhh someone did?
Hybs: yeah.
Hybs: while I was at work
brimarr: There we go
lKing: I know one of my friends wanted to mod here
Hybs: who
lKing: Candi
Hybs: ......
Hybs: CandiJai?
brimarr: IS she hot?
Hybs: hang on Sir
Hybs: is that her?
lKing: yea she's a bimbo
Hybs: You and me need to have a word Lance
Hybs: alone
Hybs: now.
lKing: Invite me
brimarr: ..Everything ok?
Hybs: .no
brimarr: ..Anything I can help with?
Hybs: just drama with a cunt...that is all
brimarr: ...Ah gotcha. Well, jsut let me know if you need anything darlin'.
lKing: Poof
Hybs: thank You Sir.
Hybs: just give me a minute to get this sorted
brimarr: ..Of course. Take your time.
lKing: /me tilts my head left to righ clicking my neck
Hybs: https://pastebin.com/phDydJDB
Hybs: well
Hybs: are you just going to stay here or are you going to leave?  Cause you're no longer mod.
lKing: I may as well enjoy my time while it lasts I guess
Hybs: find.
Hybs: fine**
lKing: it's a shame...I knew you for the better than what you have turned out to be
Hybs: excuse me?
lKing: I'm acutally disappointed in this outcome
Hybs: what the fuck is that supposed to mean
lKing: you point blames without prove
lKing: just becuase I know someone, I've known alot of people
lKing: makes me come to beileve I should of never of come to know you
lKing: /me breaths out deeply
Hybs: its not like I'm anyone special.  I'm just another whore your rped with a few times.  You met another whore through me and you apparently keep company of some pretty shady bitches
lKing: /me rolls my hands over and over again into a fist making the bones in them click
Hybs: at least I have some decency and loyalty and a sense of decorum
lKing: Decency....when your friends are spit on but this dom crush of your
lKing: Even brian see that....Sheo too
Hybs: Not crush..there is no such thing as crushing on a Dom.
lKing: by this dom crush*
Hybs: there is connection...trust.
lKing: Pshhh well have your triangle
brimarr: What do I see now?
Hybs: and at least He is the first Dominant in a long time who at least admits His attraction to me as well.
Hybs: even if it's not official, He isn't afraid and isn't backing down from it.  He's jsut giving it time
lKing: Amanda if you could only see with your own eyes than through the eyes of someone else, you would have noticed that more than just one cares for you
lKing: But whatever...not like it matters now
lKing: you have prove that now
Hybs: I know who cares for me.
Hybs: and I know who respects me
lKing: I used to untill you got with that hermit
lKing: A hermit that doesn't respect anyone without tits
lKing: Basicly
Hybs: no
Hybs: He respects those with a brain
lKing: Yes
brimarr: He's not had an issue with me.
Hybs: ^
lKing: Pshhh that's becuase he can step over you easy
lKing: if your not a challange to him
Hybs: step over?
lKing: your not a treat
lKing: and I feel like I am just that sort of treat to him
brimarr: Yup that must be it.
lKing: and I have no interest
Hybs: Sir Brian is another Dominant I respect
Hybs: don't keep disrespecting Dominants around me
lKing: I respect brian
lKing: but I will never respect Dave
lKing: he's an obnoxious asshole
lKing: and I hate obnoxious assholes like him
Hybs: well, right now you're being obnoxious
Hybs: and a rude, and disrespectful person
lKing: Well at least I'm only just doing it now
lKing: while I held back just out of respect
lKing: but no more
lKing: what's the point when I get spat on
lKing: Keep your traingle....it will only burn down
Hybs: I want you to leave.
Hybs: now.
lKing: tell me one reason why I should leave?
lKing: And a good enough one
Hybs: because it's my room.  And you're no longer welcome in my room or my virtual exsistance.
Hybs: and if you aren't a child, you'd respect that
Hybs: and leave
lKing: becuase you've become obnoxious too
lKing: that doesn't sound like a good enough reasont o me
brimarr: It's her rooma nd she'd like you to leave. Bottom line.
lKing: So what you've blocked me...when I gave so much to you and this room
Hybs: I'll happily delete this room and close it down.  I don't need it.
lKing: Cool
lKing: Doesn't bother me
Hybs: oh you're gonna guilt me now?
Hybs: "oh I bought you shit"
lKing: Gulit you...more like saying the truth
lKing: I brought you more than just gifts...
lKing: I held you highly in my my mind
lKing: but no more
Hybs: ok.  Then why are you still here?
lKing: How could I repsect someone with a dom crush that only spits his words at me
lKing: like some cobra
Hybs: at least He's a REAL Dominant
lKing: Real xDDD
Hybs: yes real
lKing: He makes me laugh
lKing: a real dom wouldn't be treaten by me
Hybs: the fact is, I trust Him enough that I've gotten on skype with Him; I've showne Him intimate pics of me.  And He makes me feel safe.
Hybs: He ins't threatened by you
Hybs: He laughs you off every time
lKing: Ohhh really...if he laughs me off everytime
lKing: why doesn't he try and respect me
lKing: Becuase he is treaten
lKing: you can't see it becuase you live with rose tinted glasses one
Hybs: cause you are a pot head who can't put a sentence together half the time.
lKing: on*
lKing: Well sorry I have my habbits but I'm not gonna give them up becuase my Rp not up to par
Hybs: You only respect those who can do something for you.  As soon as they decide to stop or don't, you throw a tantrum
Hybs: like every other sad child on here
Hybs: if you were an adult, you'd leave.
lKing: Pshhhh
lKing: I've tried to get along with him
lKing: but with his spitting mouth I couldn't
lKing: even Sheo see that
Hybs: Stop bringing Sheo into this
Hybs: I've known Sheo for 10 years
lKing: I'm just glad this has come to an end really...
Hybs: I know how he is and I know he really doesn't put stock into this thing
lKing: I guess I wanted no part of it in the end and with you blocking me
lKing: is the perfect time to leave this mess behind
Hybs: fine
brimarr: Why don't you leave then? Rip of the supposed band-aid?
lKing: I'm not hurt
lKing: just disappointed
lKing: so there no Band aid on me
lKing: Or else I would of left with my tail between my legs
Hybs: then fucking leave now.
brimarr: Metaphor was lost on you. Shocking.
Hybs: fine.  I'll make this easier.  Sir Brian, I'm closing this room
lKing: Hahaha...fine fine...Have a good life Amanda and Brian....I just hope you one day will see that hermit for the way he really is