Okay everyone, been working up and saving ideas that have been posted around here. So here's what I've got so far. If we can have some from 2chan contribute too that'd be even better. If anyone can figure ideas how to incorporate Koopa Peach into some of these ideas, that'd be great.

Bowsette ideas:
(skip to each section by Ctrl+F "#[number]", list currently incomplete, waiting new/more suggestions)

#1) Rom Hacks

-1a) Any of the 2D or 2.5D Mario games with pixelated sprites in them.

-1a-1) SMB3
Replacing Bowser (or other enemies) with Bowsette/Super Crown versions. Consider making Mariette and Luigette if making all characters super crowned.

-1a-2) SMB1
See 1a-1 idea, or as a new take swap Bowser and Peach sprites with Confused/Alter Peach (boss) and Bowsette (final princess). Can repeat this idea for SMB Lost Levels with Daisy (boss) and Boosette (final princess), consider if picking Luigi Game.

-1a-3) SMB2
Aside from just replacing Peach with Bowsette, to have other Super Crowned characters involved too. Or to even have the everyone Super Crowned, see 1a-1

-1a-4) Super Mario RPG
See 1a-1 idea, would be considerably longer project if all main characters changed, so for now Bowsette.

-1b) Any of the new Super Mario games with 3D models
Currently being done with New Super Mario titles and SM64

-1c) Smash Bros series
Currently being done with Melee and Smash 4

-1d) Other games (can be Mario/Nintendo related or not)
Some examples include:

1-Legend of Zelda Breath of the Wild
2-Sonic Generations
3-Fire Emblem Heroes
4-?
5-?


#2) Character Creations

Any game that offers decent female character creation, to make Bowsette/Boosette/etc. and then post online how to make it happen. Should be in a general list guide to keep it all in one place. Games with passable character creation include:

1-Soul Calibur VI
2-Senran Kagura (Versus series and DC)
3-?
4-?
5-?


#3) Game

-3a) Mega Bowsette
Currently in progress, can have Bowser sneak into other lands trying to get a good idea where to set up new castles to fight Mario without bringing too much suspicion and testing new abilities of Super Crown effects

-3b) Castlevania/Zelda 2 in SMB3 type setting
Have other -ette characters that are normally Bowser's minions as support, Boosette unlockable playable character. See sprite anon for details.

-3c) Pokette (Pokemon version)
Note: ideas still work in progress

Mario+Luigi as main protag in respective versions (Angry Sun Bowsette/3-up Moon Boosette) where battle against Bowsette and Boosette as legendaries during travel until finally able to capture (both sometimes having to run from battle being under leveled) and then have as travel companions

Bowsette+Boosette are main leads with either the other (depending on version) or Toadette as the rival

Again, Bowsette and Boosette main leads, having Toadette as a character you meet several times and help out (see Lance in Gold/Silver) but is true villain and final champion (see Big Boss in Metal Gear 1)

Can have new MC, but follow similar idea of Mario+Luigi story plan

Characters like Yobbette and 7Grandette are secrets like Misingno

-3d) Paper Mario spin-off
Ideas in progress, need to fill this section

-3e) Adult Stuff
Some already happening with simple flashes, but more of a 2D (or even 3D) side scroller/platformer where either Bowsette/Boosette get lewded by enemies while trying to stop Super Perfect Peach from her Perfect Plan to turn everyone into a more phallic version of Toad trying to create the Perfect Penis 


#4) Visual Novel
Note: ideas still work in progress

Need to decide on main character or if allowed to choose one, if allowed to choose an MC, different story takes place at start, each one limited to certain -ette characters to work with.

Or can scrap that idea, make it so you can rename your MC and just go with that story line. You pick the path from a basic starting point after getting introduced to everyone.

One of the problems that goes on is the Mega Mushroom High or Mushroom Kingdom University has a lot of territory disputes between various factions. Bowsette, Golden Fuzzette, and Hootail trio could be main leaders with other antagonists being Angry Sunette, Wartette, etc. And have maybe another school Bowsette had went to King Koopa High before she transferred over after essentially taking control. The chuck enemies from SMW be their sports teams Football, Lacross, Baseball, and Wrestling (even if their main guy is a sumo).

(Are we going with a school setting?)
Some suggestions to what role each play:
Toadsworth - Principal, has picture of confused Peach in his office as the dean or something other
Kamette - Science Professor
Petey Pihranette - Biology Professor / local Flourist
Bowsette - Main girl classmate who causes trouble with Koopalings, the twist can be she was a childhood friend before moving away then got more rough with her gang
Koopalings - Part of Bowsette's posse
Toadette - Sweet and innocent classmate, wants the best
Boosette - Big tiddy shy girl classmate, secretly likes to lewd, loves to play pranks that spook people, does not like vacuums
Goombette - Flat tsundere classmate, angry and bumps into you a lot
Angry Sunette - Superintendent having none of your anything, will follow you angrily too
Pirhana Plantette - Environmentalist classmate, can be Petey Pihranette's daughter/younger sister
Yoshette - Big sister classmate, loves animals and caring for others almost motherly, stands in Bowsette's way from doing what she wants, has trouble understanding how to do taxes and secretly communist
Yobbette - Yoshette's mom, keeps tabs on you if you spend time around her
Koopa Troopette - Bouncy personality (like her shell) classmate, friends with Goombette, kinda admires Bowsette
Chain Chompette - Wild girl classmate, also animal lover, big fan of dogs, cheerful and playful personality likes to chase after people doesn't like being chained (for too long)
Boss Boosette - Boosette's sister, works at local grocery store (possibly family owned) selling mostly fruits, freaks a bit if you buy peppers
Poochette - Good friends with Yoshette classmate, can help carry you and provide tips that'll help you get closer to her
Fuzzette - Part of Golden Fuzzette's posse, similar to Koopalings
Golden Fuzzette - Snobby girl classmate type, tries to act like she has it all, wanting the fame and glory Bowsette gets, isn't around much but tries to be flashy when she does, is actually pretty shy so hides when she's done showing off
Lady Bowette - Rich girl classmate, small to flat chest, thinks to be of better class than others being a "proper lady", loves to give people a good spook and doesn't afraid of anything (even lewding)
Flurrette - Music/Choir Teacher
Gombellette - College girl archeology student, happens to know a nice guy named Jonathan (is this a jojo reference?)
Miss Mousette - Math/Algebra Teacher, flirty but wants something more...? Has mysterious night life
Bombette - Quiet girl explosive personality classmate, is usually quiet and calm, but when excited, nervous, or scared gets in a bombastic tone
Bowsette Jr - Bowsette's younger sister(?), would be kinda weird to include this character since it's the Jr version of Bowsette, personally wouldn't recommend if just in a school setting, could be possible motivation for Bowsette being a delinquet taking down other gangs to make things safer for Jr and to care for her, wants to be a tough girl like Bowsette
Shyette - Shy girl classmate, feels like she's not pretty but is really cute (see Murakumo from Senran Kagura)
Wartette - Bully character, after Bowsette left, Wartette is who you had to put up with for a while until she moved to another school, felt like it was all a bad dream and now she's only gotten worse, hates veggies and the Boss Boosette shop
Phantette - Drama club fanatic classmate, enjoys music class and really loves 'Phanto of the Opera', very protective of her belongings, if you take anything that's hers you're in for a bad time, gets along with Boosette
Mouzettes - See Koopalings, follows Wartette and likes bullying Bombette to make her go boom
Pianette - Musical classmate, can't sing too well, plays music really good, Flurrette is favorite teacher and one of her 'best' students, if her voice don't kill you she will when mad, normally quiet
Donutette - Clumsy girl with big boos (gedit), has essentially vertigo except where she can stand to herself for a while, but when others are close to her then after a while she loses her balance and stumbles some
Bullette Belle - Sporty girl classmate, athletic type that enjoys running, track team
Torpedo Tedette - Swimmer girl classmate, Bullete Belle's easy-going cousin and surprising good swimmer despite boob shape/size
Bull's-eye Belle (the red chaser variant) - Punk skater girl, like roller bladeing and likes playing rough
Golden Belle - Superstar athlete college girl, the eldest of the Belle sisters who Bullette Belle looks up to and wants to be faster than
Banzette Belle - Gym Teacher, also mom of the Belle girls, has high expectations for people to move move move like a speeding bullet
Hooktail Sisters - Snobby evil rich girls, the sort that use promises of money or their dominatrix skills to control and manipulate others only to break many hearts using many guys including a dumping a certain blue shelled Koopa from King Koopa High
Thwompette - Tough girl classmate, sporty and built like an amazon with massive angry issues and unrivaled strength, good at wrestling
Whompette - Injury proned classmate, clumsy who comes from a rich family that owns a construction company, body is on the flaaaaat side

Consider including Wario and Waluigi as troublemakers. They try to find ways to get rich and cheat through classes but aren't BAD guys, just kinda douchey.
Nabbit - Also trouble maker and even panty thief