[22:59] Amid the clearing, Allende found solitude. Enough to reflect on the ache in his lungs- More specifically, the missing member of the pair, and the blinding poison that'd linger for days still in his eyes.

His eyes had been milky, some days now. Lost their hue, though the vague glimmer of dewy light from them suggested the mark of a visionary caster, one relying on intuition to parse the world.

His head lifted at something- Perhaps an ill wind, some insignificant omen delivered. His hand dropped to the decorated Izhuran blade at his hip, ears perked for any sign of what that might be. What a poor time for battle, he mused- A recovering, blind, and mute man, he must seem a pathetic target.

Several tongues of flame erupted from the grooves of his muscle, swaddling him in the inferno before peeling back, revealing an obsidian shroud.
(Allende)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

[23:07] Only a fool or a demon would decide to go hunting without eyes. Blind yet still able to sense nearby presences, Ipos would drag his massive, dull blade behind him- a weapon but also a valuable tool to guide himself through the dangerous lands of Agartha.

And then.. he could feel it. Another being.

Judging from the environment in which he felt himself.. Ipos could deduct that he was near the ruins of Gaiar Aetherius- having been here countless times, hunting for similar prey.

Would there be a man foolish enough to underestimate a blind demon?

"I have never once felt your presence before-", his voice boomed through the valley.

"You are one of the demon killers.. are you not? Fighting for the force that robbed me of my eyes."

He'd grit his teeth, his imposing footsteps causing the ground to rumble under his colossal weight- warning the man of his presence.

"I will allow you to explain your motives- then, I will slice you in half. I can smell fear."

(Ipos)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

[23:18] Too used to seeing others with his eyes, Allende's reflex turns his head where he might've seen Ipos- Or nearer it, at least. The voice washed over him, every ounce of bass made more intense for his blindness, his only anchor to the presence beyond the distinctive shape of something too large to be a man.

Ah, a demon.

He drew in a breath. Slowly, until it filled his lungs, the scent of sulfur wafting from the man in magma. What tragedy it was, to be mute, now. Allende said nothing, for he could say nothing, and answered by thumbing at the tsuba of his blade. It parted enough to expose an inch of mithril.

Widening his stance until his hands were at the width of his shoulders, he exhaled, shaking his head. Yearning to envision what he saw- Were he to die here, he mused, he would never have known what his slayer looked like. Mana funneling to his throat, he bolstered his lungs enough to answer, substituting it where mortal flesh and muscle failed. He could find no fear; there was a grim amusement, in being forced to face a blind demon. What bitter irony.

"We're a pair, it seems. Blind both. I live among them, yes. I sought solace, here. You're to disturb that?"

Words clipped from the strain with the canned tone of an incantation, he began to thumb the blade in full from the tortoise-patterned scabbard.
(Allende)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

[23:20] Allende asks, "What wretched creatures... I've never met a blind demon. I might thank the opportunity, not knowing that pain. Your name?"
[23:28] What an odd encounter- he too was blind? This would be.. far too easy.

"I am Ipos the Great- Burner of Legacies, heir to the Agarthan throne as High King of Agartha. Your peace, your solace- to me.. it is minutiae."

The colossal Demon would plant his feet into the ground- craters forming under the pressure, his mighty blade drawn in the direction of the sound- relying solely on his now heightened senses to detect the foe.

"Your people stole my eyes from me- I've vowed to punish every soul that resides there, with Shen watching it all happen. He will be the last- he will be the only survivor- forced to watch his people burn before his eyes... much like he burned his image into my mind."

"Do not take it personally, for this is naught but an extension of my rage. You are caught in the crossfire.. thanks to that puppet."

Fire would crackle around his massive frame- the temperature rising in Allende's direct vicinity.

"It's all or nothing."

Pushing himself off the ground with all his might, Ipos would practically zip through the atmosphere.. prepared to add another victim to his long tally.
(Ipos)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

[23:38] The suffocating heat of flames not his own slithered past the crag-ridden shell Allende wore. What an honest element, he mused, thinking demons little safe from madness as well, perhaps born that way. Little kinship between them.

Singular creatures, were they. Wild beasts and gods alone could love that, he thought, love their absolute solitude. What a tragic creature, he thought the demon- The Blind King.

"I see. Pitiless, sightless Ipos, you are. Fire never ceases to burn for compassion. I'll expect none."

Jets of flame burst from the blades of his shoulders, propelling the man towards Ipos at a break-neck pace- It was an honest, brutish force, molten rock left in the withering wake. Allende's eyes could not see the ogre-like beast before him, but they saw the amorphous shape of chaos- A merciless demon, struck of it's sight.
(Allende)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

[23:53] "Ah.. your Ifrit style hits close to home- I too was once a proud user.. before I lost my touch. Your.. existence.. infuriates me even further beyond rage now."

Allende was no weak swordsman- the fact that he'd mastered the Ifrit style was enough to denote him as a powerful man. Their battle had been spectacular- with both of them somehow accurately hitting each other, the sound of their blades colliding resonating through the valley.

"I'm done playing around.. I decree you.. defeated!"

Ipos would throw a kinetic force of pure strength toward Allende, knocking him over, giving himself plenty of time to kill the swordsman. He leaped into the air, bringing down his blade with the attempt to slice the impaired Ifrit user in half.

…

But there was nobody there when he made contact with the ground, the ground shaking at the empty impact. It seems Ipos had missed.. giving the Huangzhou man plenty of time to flee if he chose to do so.

"Pest.. you could be so much better. That blade style.. you have potential for greatness. Will you fight for a land that will be razed by hands inevitably?"

He didn't expect a response.. but he'd definitely claim this victory.
(Ipos)
[00:01] * You have been awarded 2 Roleplay Points! *
[00:16] Allende could chalk his loss to any number of sources, against any other opponent: He was blind, recovering from wounds, and fought on lungs that could not support the hyper-kinetic motions of Ifrit. Except today, he met a similarly impaired opponent- By no means his lesser.

His thoughts drifted for a second that missed fatal by mere hair lengths, focus muddled by thoughts of others- Of a young, waifish peasant boy with the same face, fighting at the feat of magi that were titans, to him. Fire that shone darkly past green canopies, scything winds.

The perennial inferior, the career second-placer and student. Perhaps, at his core, there remained an ounce of the covetous child that yearned bitterly for the strength of others, for the eye and height of a titan. For mastery.

In a moment of waning focus, Allende saw an amorphous tendril branch from the demon's mana circuits, and break upon him like some thumb of god. The shroud of obsidian that encased him took the brunt of the blow, saving him from the worst of the damage before he cratered a long wake into the river bank. For at least a mile out, one might've thought that the calamitous felling of an entire thicket, flocks sent fleeing into the sky.

A blade slammed next to his head, sheered another piece of obsidian away. An incomplete set of lungs scarcely drew a breath before the molten rock flaked away, and Allende rolled clumsily to his feet several meters away. Wiping at his mouth, a breeding numbness made itself home in his arms, and he fought to better define Ipos's presence.

He spat aside, something mingling an ill shade of red and green. Allende felt the familiar finger of another near-death experience encroach at the edges of his vision, however blind, like yellowing cigar burns. 

A saner man might've fled, in that moment. But a saner man was not there, and there instead was Allende, a man whose self-same pain was found unrewarded. Unsteadily drawing his blade back in front of him, Allende stood his ground- With enough fortitude to ensure he could still stand against Ipos, it seemed. Mana funneled to his lungs and the conjunction at his throat.

"Potential... What an ugly word. Only one thing links us, demon- We battle to satisfaction, though you know a more unwholesome form."
(Allende)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

[00:37] "You have courage, stranger- I sense your presence. You merely dodged my finishing blow.. and you chose to stay. But why? You are that eager to be defeated once again?"

The colossal Demon would straighten his posture- looking over his shoulder, despite the blindfold around his dysfunctional eyes. A grin appeared on his face.. and he knew that this another opportunity to send a message to Huangzhou.

"Potential is a beautiful thing- and denying yourself power is a foolish tactic. Fret not, man of Ifrit.. I will send you