GS Bewerbung

What are your active character names? (in order of activity)
Kurumi, Ayumi and Himea 

Where are you active?
	✓	On Grand Fantasia 
	✓	Grand Fantasia Discord 
	◦	Grand Fantasia Forums 

How long have you been playing the game?
Since March 2014 

Tell us about yourself
Hey! My name is Melanie and i‘m 19 years old. I come from Germany. I graduated my A-Level last year. I am currently in apprenticeship. I love to play video games. Especially MMOs. In my free time I like to watch animes and meet my friends.

Which languages do you speak?
	✓	English 
	✓	German 
	◦	Italian 
	◦	Spanisch 
	◦	Others 

What makes a good GameSage and what is a GameSage to you?
Game Sages are volunteers who help the community with questions. In my opinion is a good Game Sages, when he is active in game, discord and forums. Also he should be respectful, friendly and non-judgemental to the players. And above all else to never lose the fun of the game. 

Why do you want to be a GameSage and how have you have helped so far? 
I want to become Game Sage to help the players and host events. I also want to implement their wishes and suggestions as well as possible. I have answered questions to the player, whether in the World Chat or in the Guild. If new players have asked for help (for example main quests or dungeons), I've been happy to help.

What type of events would you host as a GameSage?
If possible, I would like to host the Find my Date Event. It seems very popular by the players and I love dress-up events! Also i would like to do more active events on Discord. 

A player received a drop, but cannot find it in their bag. What should they do? 
The player should check if his backpack isn‘t full. After that, I would ask if he is in a raid group and point out that no items will drop when he's on a map in the raid. Finally, I would ask if he is in a party and not accidentally another player has received the item.

What is the day and time scheduled for weekly maintenance? Please provide the answer in server time.
Tuesday, 3:30 server time 

What are the two requirements for L20. Test of Courage and Protection (REP) and L20. Test of Love (REP) to appear? What if both requirements are met and a player cannot find the quests?
The player needs a lover and he must be level 20 or above. 

Players are complaining to you (as a player) that there are other players from a guild bullying their members on PvP channel while they are grinding, what do you do? 
I would ask who is involved and I would listen to both sides. Then I would ask the players who started bullying the others, leaving the grinding spot. 

You are responsible for giving correct information. What would you do if you receive a message, are unsure about the answer and no GS/CM is around? How would you answer the player?
First, I would ask the other GS if they have an answer. If not, I would apologize that I just can not give him an answer. Then I would ask if it would be ok if I contact him if a GM has given me an answer.

How would you handle a situation where you are alone in-game, players are fighting in world chat and other players join in to argue using world chat and broadcast?
I would pay attention to the way in which the players write in the chat. If players start insulting each other I would ask you to continue this in a private chat and if they ignore that I would mute them for a short time to calm down. 

What is Aeria Games policy and view on buying/selling AP through other players? 
It‘s against the rules and bannable.

Is there anything you would like to say or have us know? Leave additional comments here.
I would be very happy about a positive response!