so, sorry for late reply, didn't intend to dodge your statements
I was going to write something up but then isabelle happened, then Cursed Garden of Alterac's Tomb and brightwing/kerrigan happened, and afterwards I just completely forgot
though I guess the break helped a bit, looking back my original write-up, there was definitely cognitive dissonance going on
Before I answer your statements directly, I think I should better elaborate on what my overall intention with the game macro-wise was
my focus was to try to set up the game so extreme skill discrepancies could exist, where the skill ceiling might as well not exist entirely. I also wanted a game where players are constantly challenged in every facet of the game, where any breathing room, any time to rest, any relief from the game's constant pressure needs to be earned through sweat, blood, and tears. And I feel like it's that last part that's throwing a wrench into everything, why callbacks put a sour taste in my mouth for this game specifically, why instant easily accessible cross-map teleportation feels wrong: I didn't want players to do something for the fuck of it. I didn't want players to feel secure by default. I didn't want players to be able to patch their mistakes with tools and mechanics, no matter how large or small. I wanted players to believe they were at a disadvantage from a start rather than feel equal, but to never feel defeated regardless of how far they fell, not because of some artificial ace in their sleeve, but because they truly believed in the capabilities of themselves and of their team.
I suppose that's also why I prized information so much, as well. My plan was to allow for very little if any reation, and make the game basically require proactive measurements for basically every contingency. Not so little reation that towerpushes get ultravalue, mind you, but little enough that a well-macrod towerpush will basically guarantee a tower before practical resistance arrives, for example.
I kinda always enjoyed macro movement, ironically. It's a feeling that I liken to canned pears and a strange feeling in a part of the back of my throat that I can't pinpoint - autism aside, it's a concept I always kind of enjoyed
but now I think I realize *why* I enjoyed it. It was to allow for macro plays - splitpushes, doublesoaks, fakeout ganks, proactive scouting and ambushing. Never once did I think of using it to react to things faster as an enjoyable aspect of it, it was just there, something I did when needed but otherwise more or less forgot the aspect.
Now, now that I have that massive textdump out of the way, let me address your points
1.) Negative. I feel like I already overexplained myself on this above.
2.) Also negative. Splitpushing in my book is a pressureplay at worst and a fork at best. It should cause dissonance in the opponents and force them to reevaluate their priorities, their capabilities, their ability to answer or whether they need to answer at all. Its goal should not be to 100% guarantee a tower, but to instead provide the very practical threat of destroying a tower with minimum detriment to the splitpushing team. However, if the opposing team finds out too late, or didn't plan for it *at all*, then it guarantees a tower and more importantly forces the opposing team into a powerplay to regain the advantage. If the game ends up playing out to where splitpushes guarantee at least one objective every time it's done, and the splitpushing team usually gains an advantage from doing so, then that will need to be changed.
3.) like I explained above, I wasn't doubting current mobas, I was just turning the dial to 11 (well, more like 15).
4.) my issue with that, outside of my anti-mechanic-bandaid stance, is that that mechanic would be saved for scenarios like those, and *only* scenarios like those. It would end up like the Fortification glyph in DotA, which is only ever used to delay the death of a tower when reinforcements are close but not quite there, AKA they just used their scrolls to teleport in and they wanted to confirm they'd get there. I don't want mechanics to be one-dimensional, I want them to be used for a multitude of things and consistently used for those multitude of things, but constantly running the risk of using it for one facet only to need it more in another facet later on while it's unavailable.
5.) good point. I don't have an instant answer to that, other than a vague "the laning sustain concept will deal with it" which not even I really believe. I'll need to find an answer for that.
6.) this requires a more complicated answer. HotS splitpushing, from my experience, is very different from other game's splitpushing. in HotS, the small map sizes and lanes usually results in scenarios where said splitpusher is practically already at the gates by the time an answer comes, but on the flip side the small map sizes also mean that it gets responded to faster. It's a fantastic showing of one of the big reasons I like how HotS handled the game's tempo: Everything's faster, *including necessary thought procesees*. HotS is all about the little stuff - fights are faster and closer together, rotations happen in a smaller amount of time, and answers need to bend to the game's sometimes frantic tempo, where a quarter of a second's worth of actions and thoughts can mean everything, can be the make-or-break. (That's also why I really like the Hearthstone in HotS.) Having a similar splitpush style in larger MOBAs like Dota would be disasterous, unless you had said teleportation response, the splitpusher would get what they came for and get the hell out of dodge before an answer came. From my experience, splitpushing in larger games like DotA come not from direct tower pressure like in HotS, but in lane minion pressure. Lanes are so long, and minions are so important to have under towers, that splitpushers are almost always forced to show themselves in the lane long before they reach tower. The pressure is turned on before the tower is ever directly threatened. Only a small handful of heroes break that rule (such as Nature's Prophet, but he's so predictable that if a team *didn't* plan a contingency against him, they deserve that tower to go down). Plus, fortification glyph.
7.) I *have* worried about the potential optimal experience/gold setup before. Because of the gold mechanic rewarding grouping and the experience mechanic not requing everyone to hyperfocus experience, I was worried that there wouldn't be a reason *not* to group, that earlygame mapsplitting was just no longer practical. My goal was to make earlygame grouping practical, as well as to not make the players feel like they're fighting the game itself to stay relevant, rather than their opponents. (I lied, my number 1 reason was so Level 25 6-slotted Anti-Mages and level 13 one-slotted Crystal Maidens won't coexist within the same team, but the other reasons were definitely with it.) Obviously, a game where the optimal strategy is to group up from the start in such a big map is a death sentence to a game's depth, competitiveness, and fun; if that's what ends up, those numbers are *definitely* gonna be taken behind an alley with a baseball bat.
8.) I'm assuming that you're worried about wealth snowball - the rich get richer, and can afford to waste less maturation time than those who don't have as much money. Actually, no, you're probably also worried about the saftey net it gives the wealthier team. That it's either problematic or not important enough to make an impact. Those weren't things I considered when I came up with the mechanic, I just thought that it sounded like a cool risk-reward mechanic, but it sounds like a rubber-band style fix is in order, where interest rates aren't fixed but variant on the wealth discrepancy between the two teams. If only I could seperate the bank and the shop, and force people to put themselves in danger between putting wealth on their body and spending it, that would probably solve the issue completely, but that would also be clunky and thematically impractical (*why would the gold storage NOT be in the base?*), so that's likely not happening. Hm, I'll need to come back to this issue, but I do want to give it a chance before completely writing it off.
9.) I suppose "stealth-reveal item" and "sentry ward" are synonymous, woops. And I agree, stealth is an extremely polarising ability. But in my opinion, all the stealth heroes you're thinking about - Samuro, Nova, Zeratul, even probably Loki, Rikimaru, and whatever stealth heroes are in LoL - are like that because they were designed around the stealth being a dominant, defining trait, usually with a passive or initatory cloaking. My plan is to make stealth a supporting, utility mechanic, put in the hands of the players and forced to use sparingly and responsibly. Things like situational stealth (i.e. Templar Assassin), or mana-drain that becomes more severe when you're around heroes. Hopefully, this will remove the polarization, where it becomes an important part of their kit but removal of it does not render them near-useless.
10.) I'm going to be completely honest here: When coming up with character ideas, I never thought of the concept of power budgeting *once*. My plan was to create focus on the character's, well, Character first, then give them Function that reflected their Character well enough that it feels natural, normal, like that's just how it is, how could it possibly by any other way?, and then focus on balancing those functions from a competitive point of view
And to be completely honest, I don't think that mobility avoidance is the right path. Power and speed creep come from ideas just as much as faulty tuning. Simply enabling those ideas oversteps previously set boundaries, and will eventually create a discrepancy between Character and Function. Like League: overwhelmingly, the feedback I've heard from LoL players can be more or less summed up with "I left