(An IRL argument occured before this for some small context)

Indigo "Blue" Bodolf - Today at 5:50 PM
You say you don't know what to think of me, but I think moments like this speak louder than words.
So, with that in mind..
This relationship should end.
We cannot mend it.
Edric - Today at 5:51 PM
That isn't going to fix the fucking problem/
Indigo "Blue" Bodolf - Today at 5:51 PM
We've tried so many times though.
Edric - Today at 5:52 PM
The reason I try so hard even when there's no hope, is because breaking up with you could fuck up my whole life.
Indigo "Blue" Bodolf - Today at 5:52 PM
It addresses a big part of it, Greg.
I don't want to be in this limbo for another minute.
I can't take it anymore.
Edric - Today at 5:53 PM
It's either a limbo for both of us, or you having no reason not to wage a fucking war against me and destroy all my friendships.
And don't fucking lie, you'll do it.
Indigo "Blue" Bodolf - Today at 5:53 PM
Wrong.
Edric - Today at 5:53 PM
You made a start when IN this relationship.
Indigo "Blue" Bodolf - Today at 5:54 PM
That all happened on both ends, because we were doing what we thought might fix the relationship, but the fact of the matter is... that was never gonna work, and seemingly nothing will work.
I don't hate you, and I never did.
Edric - Today at 5:54 PM
Thing is, you're never fucking truthful about WHAT you say about me and WHO you say it to, because it's "technically" correct.
You never fucking admitted to shit-talking me to Adhamh until I found your phone unlocked and read it all myself.

Indigo "Blue" Bodolf - Today at 5:55 PM
I didn't even know you;d ever spoken to Snow about the badness in our relationship until 5 mins ago.
So that goes both ways.
Edric - Today at 5:55 PM
If I never found it, you'd deny it to this day.
Alright, so clearly the solution is TELLING you whenever I have to vent to some people about "Shit that totally never happened".
Indigo "Blue" Bodolf - Today at 5:56 PM
and do you not see a correlation between, you breaking into my phone, and me going on your pc?
Edric - Today at 5:56 PM
Cause believe it or not, it's really fucking stressful losing friends, being lied about, and having my PC broken into
Indigo "Blue" Bodolf - Today at 5:56 PM
We've both done bad stuff to each other Greg
Same here.
Which is why I am putting a stop to it
Or at least trying to.
Edric - Today at 5:57 PM
Oh sure, when's the last fucking time I supported someone who lied about you? Or broke into your computer? Or told people to not RP with you?
Indigo "Blue" Bodolf - Today at 5:57 PM
We can't be together....
Edric - Today at 5:57 PM
"But Greg, I never did any of that".
Indigo "Blue" Bodolf - Today at 5:57 PM
We aren't compatible
If we were
Edric - Today at 5:57 PM
Don't pin that on me, you scumbag.
YOU'RE the one who does this shit.
Indigo "Blue" Bodolf - Today at 5:57 PM
we would have solved this all a long time ago
Edric - Today at 5:57 PM
And you DO do it.
Indigo "Blue" Bodolf - Today at 5:57 PM
Greg
we both do shit
Edric - Today at 5:57 PM
What the fuck do I do?
Indigo "Blue" Bodolf - Today at 5:58 PM
Break into my phone?
Edric - Today at 5:58 PM
Vent about all the horrible shit you do? Yeah, fuck me for not bottling that up.
I had a fucking reason to.
You hid shit from me, and made it obvious.
Indigo "Blue" Bodolf - Today at 5:58 PM
Cause I told adhamh about what you did to me
Edric - Today at 5:58 PM
What, about how I "Totally did" hit on Kerwin?
Indigo "Blue" Bodolf - Today at 5:58 PM
I'm not gonna break into your pc to see what you said to snow
Edric - Today at 5:59 PM
Oh no, you'd NEVER break onto my PC.
Of fucking course you wouldn't.
Indigo "Blue" Bodolf - Today at 5:59 PM
I went on it to delete him
I didn't go on it to see what you said about me to people
Edric - Today at 5:59 PM
Fuck knows what else you did, cause you lie about that a lot. Prehaps, you "TECHNICALLY only removed him".
God knows what you fucking did. Maybe you put a bug on my PC to watch what I do all the time.
Indigo "Blue" Bodolf - Today at 6:00 PM
Greg, you've formatted your PC since then
Edric - Today at 6:00 PM
I went on to see what you said to Adhamh, because you were VERY CLEARLY lying about what you said.
And YES you lied about it.
Indigo "Blue" Bodolf - Today at 6:00 PM
If you say so...
Edric - Today at 6:00 PM
You're flapping your fucking gums about how you "were always truthful" about admitting you shit talked me, but that never fucking happened until I got that information myself.
Without your help.
Cause you wouldn't have fucking done it otherwise.
Indigo "Blue" Bodolf - Today at 6:01 PM
And I won't get any of snows without the same thing
Nothing I can trust anyway
So it's the same deal
Edric - Today at 6:01 PM
You deny showing me anything, why the fuck should I show you?
Indigo "Blue" Bodolf - Today at 6:01 PM
So?
Edric - Today at 6:01 PM
Yes I COULD show you. And I have no fucking qualms doing it.
Indigo "Blue" Bodolf - Today at 6:01 PM
Doesn't make you have the high ground
Edric - Today at 6:01 PM
I have no problem with doing it other than you would never give me the same privelidge.
"But I do, Greg, i'm always truthful to you".
Indigo "Blue" Bodolf - Today at 6:02 PM
Whatever Greg, I'm done
This isn't about saving the relationship anymore
That's over
If you want to still be friends at all, we can try and do that.
Edric - Today at 6:02 PM
This isn't gonna be the end of it.
I know you're going to create merry fucking hell.
You're going to try and ruin my life.
Indigo "Blue" Bodolf - Today at 6:03 PM
Why?
Edric - Today at 6:03 PM
And you know what? I'm going to try and ruin yours too.
I don't know, you tell ME why you do it.
Indigo "Blue" Bodolf - Today at 6:03 PM
I'm not though.
Edric - Today at 6:03 PM
Okay then, I "Won't" either.
Indigo "Blue" Bodolf - Today at 6:03 PM
Fine ruin my life
it's shit anyway
Edric - Today at 6:03 PM
Look at how many people stick up for you.
Indigo "Blue" Bodolf - Today at 6:04 PM
It's still shit
Edric - Today at 6:04 PM
You'll say "No-one", which is bullshit.
Look at the poeple who stick up for me.
Indigo "Blue" Bodolf - Today at 6:04 PM
I don't care
I mean I appreciate that people do
Edric - Today at 6:04 PM
You'll say "Oh, duski and sparky" and whoever fucking else, but that's bullshit.
Indigo "Blue" Bodolf - Today at 6:04 PM
but it doesn't really help me
Edric - Today at 6:04 PM
You have god knows how many, and I have like 3 people who are exclusive to me. Even THEN, I have to be really fucking careful about what I say to them.
Indigo "Blue" Bodolf - Today at 6:05 PM
No, you don't.
You can say whatever you like to them
Edric - Today at 6:05 PM
The shit you spilled out to Adhamh, I could never say anything of that magnitude to Funk or Snow, or else they'll think i'm trying to stir shit up again.
Indigo "Blue" Bodolf - Today at 6:05 PM
As I'm sure you have been anyway.
I bet you have...
Edric - Today at 6:05 PM
ALL I fucking tell them is what they fucking ask.
So fuck off with that.
Indigo "Blue" Bodolf - Today at 6:05 PM
It doesn't even matter anymore
They don't like me
Edric - Today at 6:05 PM
Thing is, you have a fucking plethora of people who'd believe you if you said I killed a man.
I have... 3 people.
And you're throwing your fucking toys out the cot because I finally have people who stick up for it.
Indigo "Blue" Bodolf - Today at 6:06 PM
Nah
It's not that
It's that I really wanted to be Snow's friend
and maybe Funk's too
never really got to know who he was tbh
I tried to add him before he left TYL
He ignored it then
Maybe we'd be good friends by now if not for that
Edric - Today at 6:07 PM
You want everyone on YOUR side.
Indigo "Blue" Bodolf - Today at 6:07 PM
but I dunno
Edric - Today at 6:07 PM
That's what you fucking want.
You know all too fucking well that duski and sparki and whoever else will listen to you, and you only.
Indigo "Blue" Bodolf - Today at 6:07 PM
I just want people to be my friend, as you want people to be yours.
Edric - Today at 6:07 PM
And you fucking abuse that.
You lie to them.
Indigo "Blue" Bodolf - Today at 6:08 PM
I don't, but okay.
Edric - Today at 6:08 PM
It's been all fine and fucking dandy for so long for you, because you could do all this shit and get away with it.
But now that someone on the outside's caught you red fucking handed, and for FUCKING ONCE you had to face your consequences, you're throwing a fucking shit fit.
You're not fucking happy that people are trying to stop you doing this shit to me.
Indigo "Blue" Bodolf - Today at 6:09 PM
"Red handed" asking people not to ERP with you, oh yeah, terrible me!
I'm not throwing a fit though.
I'm bothered by it, but I'll get over it.
Edric - Today at 6:09 PM
So therefore it's okay to break onto my computer and back up people who are very fucking clearly lying about me.
Yeah, cause coming up with horrible shit like "You paid snow to hate me" is you getting over it.
Indigo "Blue" Bodolf - Today at 6:10 PM
I'm happy you have friends that listen to you
Edric - Today at 6:10 PM
Fucking listen to yourself.
"But Gregm I never said that".
Fuck off, no you're not.
Indigo "Blue" Bodolf - Today at 6:10 PM
I never said you paid snow to hate me....
Edric - Today at 6:10 PM
It's not even an even playing field, but you're still shitting yourself over the fact that now I have people to go to.
Oh fuck you, you cunt.
You fucking said that earlier.
Fuck off.
Indigo "Blue" Bodolf - Today at 6:10 PM
I said, no wonder she likes you more.
Edric - Today at 6:10 PM
You said that I fucking pay her to hate you.
So fuck off.
Don't lie to me, you fucking scumbag.
Indigo "Blue" Bodolf - Today at 6:11 PM
I'm not lying, but okay.
Edric - Today at 6:11 PM
Okay then, let's say I take your word for it now. In 5 minutes it changes, but it's "Always been that".
Indigo "Blue"