Define: What is a true slave in the BDSM world? And why do so few people truly understand them?
To understand the slave mentality, you need to first understand five very Important/Key points before you can ever try to figure out the true depths that a slave is willing to go to find what they are seeking. Both Male and Female…

For them, its to find the answer to the darkest question in their mind.

The Important/Key points are as follows…

The Dominant/Master mentality is to OWN another person so fully controlled, and unbelievably destructively devoted that the slave both fears and seeks that person out in the same breath within the same fantasy and reality; equally and at the same time.

This isn’t a game to the Dominant, and it won’t be for the slave either. The truth is so hard to find because very few understand what it actually requires from both parties in question to work so savagely well.

The acceptance of the existence of polar opposites is REQUIRED to understand this life, the lifestyle, the needs, the wants, the hopes & the purposes that we seek to serve in the roles we exist to fulfill to each other and most importantly; the question still unanswered.

You need to understand that a person that seeks to serve as a slave is LITERALLY terrified of what reality will eventually actually find him or her.

If they do ever find it, they will accept it COMPLETELY and only to fully understand the answer to the question that has eluded them for so long. Especially when they do genuinely find a true Owner for that ‘last’ time after that long search and finally kneel in fear of what’s to come.

Unfortunately, the need to SERVE exceeds the fear of the service to the point that it is the most overpowering thing in that slave’s head, at all times, 24/7 - 365 days a year.

As I have said already, its a question. Because in reality, its a question that needs to be answered and it will NEVER go away. Until it is finally answered and there is NO WAY OUT!!!

Now the critical thing to understand when it comes to an understanding of what a true slave is is this: A True/Real slave seeking a real life of ‘ACTUAL’ slavery is a terrified person that loves to be terrified, and the ULTIMATE goal is to find that terror in its daily use. To lose EVERYTHING and become NOTHING.

To remove what makes a person no longer definable as a person or anything is the ultimate fear and worry for someone that fears their needs to feel that so fully. Especially if it can lead them to a Dopamine fueled eternity of continuous mental, physical and sexual terror.

Why does it work like this, you ask?

Because the true slave needs to feel terrified to feel normal, to feel purpose.

It needs to feel utterly horrified to make sense of the shit in its head.

It needs to feel WORTHLESS to serve without thought; to find its necessity.

It needs to UNDERSTAND fear to find the motivation to follow through.

It needs to let go of all of its reality to find the courage to ask the question.

And it needs to seek to fulfill the purposes of another no matter how deep, dark and terrifying that person’s needs are. Because that person that attempts to own that slave will use it in a manner/’s that that slave wants & needs from them to define what it is as a slave.

This need, this requirement, this overwhelmingly, undeniable mental mind-fuck of a direction is the part of the slave’s mind that very few; truly understand.

This mindset is willing to literally risk life, limb, skin, self-respect, love, worth, family, friends, all hope and all personal property, hygiene & worth to find just the ‘potential’ of a possibility of an eternity of ‘real’ FEAR, actual PAIN, and a life of ‘Forced - Violent & Abusive’ sexual use and total misery to live within the worst possible conditions of a life based around highly defined structure, rules and protocols. All because of the slaves single choice to say “YES I want that for myself, that will be my last choice!”

…and it’s all to answer that question deep within its mind.

1. To seek a life of use, abuse, and sexual carnage.

2. To be used at any and all times without the right to say NO.

3. To loss the right to speak when you want or at all.

4. To lose the right to do as you please whenever you want.

5. To lose the right to have fun just to have fun.

6. To NEVER enjoy another meal again or to choose what you eat.

7. To NEVER celebrate a special occasion, birthday or holiday again.

8. To disappear completely, but initially completely of your choice.

And to live the rest of your life without a single question or care about your own personal hopes, dreams, feelings, wants or cares.

To live the rest of your life as a piece of meat for another person’s darkest and lowest intentions wants and needs.

It’s a truly defined existence to live. To know that the person you seek will exist to terrify, abuse and use you, in ways that make you sick to your stomach.

However, that Dominant owner, because of the sheer fact that you will ultimately choose Him/Her as your torturer will help you make that final choice that could, should and will ‘FOREVER’ change both the outcomes of your personal daily life as a slave and your entire future of nothing more than continuous and always evolving regret.

To forever regret that miserable mistake that you had to make to get yourself into a life of fear for the rest of your existence.

To answer that question…

It’s like the little kid and the red button story.

He sees it and goes to touch it, and his Dad catches him. Then the kid goes after it again, and Dad snaps at him again. This time he yells at him not to touch the button. The damn button doesn’t do anything, but its the point of it.

The button is OFF-LIMITS and its the point of it that makes it so damn important to touch it. The father has made it out to be more important than it needs to be. It didn’t matter till he made it matter. And now it’s this kids mission in ‘fucking’ life to wait till Dad isn’t looking to push that button and see what it does. Again, the button does nothing, but falling in love with the consequences is EVERYTHING to a slave!

Because REAL slavery is EXACTLY the same for both of us. The slave seeks something most would consider being equal to living in a hell on Earth and the Dominant/Master seeks to give a slave the life it seeks to experience without any care or wonder about why the slave seeks it.

Whereas I think the ‘why’ when it comes to the slave makes me a better Dominant Owner. As the fear, I give subconsciously pushes the slave deeper into its mental hole and it should only be restrained by my inability to willingly go farther and deeper every time I use my property without remorse.

So what’s the goddamn question already?

Simple… Will the slave push that button and sign up for a potential lifetime of fear, terror and both Domestic & Sexual control and micromanagement over its entire being, mind, and body to essentially a stranger?

But the dream doesn’t become a reality until the slave is ready to disappear into it for real. However when it is, and it says Yes to its new Owner. Then it’s too late to go back because that’s the point of no return.

That’s the true answer to the question.

Once you are in, you are in.

And if you are in, then you’re just property to your Owner which is equal to warm meat. At that point, you have no right to leave or say no as you found the answer to that deep down question you’ve always had in your head.

Because at the end of the day…

1. You will put yourself on your knees when you are told too.

2. You will remove yourself from society when you are told too.

3. You will remove your own clothes when you are told too.

4. You will hand over everything you are when you are told too.

5. You will remove your physical worth and self when you are told too.

6. You will have to look up at your new owner through two swollen eyes when you are told too.

Because…

+ From that point forward, you should realize that it’s all your fault and that your needs to feel this so deeply, to seek this answer so thoroughly, was so crucial to you, that you finally found it.

+ That it exceeded the love, you had for yourself.

+ As ‘you’ are nothing more than a ‘slave’.

+ Accept it and love who you are, your Owner will when you are told too.

Always remember… The service you pay as a slave is 2 folds as it’s one of fulfillment to yourself as you accept your existence and love what you are worth.

And the second is that you genuinely respect your Owner for enjoying the fact that you willingly sought to serve He/She as a ‘piece of property’ just to prove a point to yourself as you need to live this existence to honestly feel alive and to truly understand happiness…

Finally!

~Please give credit where credit is due… Thank you,

Written by: https://seekingablankcanvas.bdsmlr.com/