It's not exactly a secret. There are people
who know, and if someone were to find out, it's not really any skin off of Dazai's back. Maybe it's not information he offers up willingly, but is there any time he's been truly forthcoming with personal information? Isn't it much more fun to keep people guessing? To tell them something ridiculous, to make a game out of guessing, like he's done with his previous profession.

No, it's not that Dazai would be devastated if someone were to see him without his bandages. People have seen; he's been treated at the hospital enough times, has had Yosano do basic patch jobs. It isn't a secret. Dazai just isn't someone who minds being talked about, doesn't mind being the center of gossip--ah, that's a lie. He absolutely loves being the center of gossip. Head-to-toe bandages, there's no way people wouldn't have things to whisper about that.

It's not the fact that hiding in plain sight is easier. Definitely not. It's not as though Dazai's modus operandi is behaving flamboyantly enough for people not to take him seriously. He's never lied about anything in his life.

It's what he tells Atsushi, after being scolded for claiming the bandages hide the names of all his past lovers. This is, of course, after he's offered the explanation of having a terrible, infectious disease, of not wanting to get a sunburn, of being too broke to buy warmer clothes in the winter. Atsushi, normally so gullible, has been chided by Kunikida a few times too many to believe all of these explanations, although he still believes just about anything else.

Dazai tells himself it's not a secret. It's not as though he minds Atsushi knowing, truthfully. He simply likes seeing that exasperated look, and Atsushi--well, the truth isn't nearly as fun. Old scars from his mafia days, new ones from situations entered a little too recklessly. The ones Dazai has no explanation for. These answers sound so dull, unimpressive and not like Dazai at all.

So he avoids being honest simply because of those things. Not because he doesn't always have answers for questions, not because he hates the idea of being pitied, not because Atsushi's face would crumble
into something filled with too much empathy for Dazai's tastes. Atsushi should save that for someone else.

Unfortunately, Dazai doesn't always have answers for questions. He knows--too well--that you can only play cat and mouse for so long before the game is up, and the cat (or tiger, to to speak) has you cornered. It's the question he's been avoiding so long, the one Dazai doesn't have an answer for, that has finally been asked.

They're in Dazai's room, and it's not the first time Dazai's been undressed, back towards Atsushi as he shrugs his rumpled shirt back on. It's not the first time Atsushi has seen him in some state of more-or-less undress, sans bandages, and Dazai can only blame himself for allowing this in the first place, and wonder why the question hadn't come earlier.

"Why?"

What is he supposed to say to that? Atsushi's wide, honest expression, and the way his brows are just slightly furrowed. He's serious. And Dazai doesn't blame him, but he clicks his tongue and makes a joke anyway.

"Haven't you heard the saying, 'curiosity killed the cat', Atsushi-kun?" He never gets tired of teasing.

"I'm not a cat, Dazai-san," Atsushi says, and the pout in his voice is sort of cute. Dazai wants to point out the obvious, but Atsushi's hand--on his wrist--tightens a little, and Dazai has a feeling deflection isn't going to work.

It's Dazai's fault, really. He walked right into this, and if he avoids answering, then it would be like admitting--to Atsushi, to himself--that he doesn't want Atsushi to know. Dazai, back still to Atsushi, silence stretching too long, allows himself a somber expression.

He tells himself he's protecting Atsushi by not telling him.

There's a tug on his wrist again, warm fingers that Dazai has become familiar with over the past months. Atsushi had always been hesitant to touch, at first, even when Dazai flirted, when he initiated, when he flat-out stated it was okay. And here he is, bold as he's probably ever been. Dazai wonders how long this has been building.

Since before they started this, certainly.

"Please. I-- You always say you trust me, but when I ask, you won't tell me." Atsushi's voice sounds a little wobbly, like he's trying to muster confidence he doesn't have.

This is the point when Dazai realizes it's too late. He's let Atsushi get too comfortable with this, with being... whatever it is they are. With kisses when they're both supposed to be working. With Atsushi staying the night under the poorly-told excuse of 'paperwork' that nobody believes.

Dazai knows that Atsushi would express his privacy if he were honest about it, but that's admitting a little too much. Dazai has never been good with honesty.

He sighs, loud and exaggerated. Really, it doesn't bother him. If that's the case, then what's the harm in being truthful? If it bothers Atsushi, then... That's fine. Dazai has no obligations to his subordinate, not in a relationship like this.

"You know healing abilities don't work on me, Atsushi-kun. Unfortunately for my vanity, I'm only as human as anyone else."

When he turns, flashes Atsushi a look that says 'isn't it tragic', the hand on his wrist should slip off, and that should be that. Atsushi should know better than to pry, shouldn't he? Such an explanation should be enough to put this matter to rest.

The hand is still there, though, and when Dazai gets a look at Atsushi's face, he can see where he's, predictably, wrong.

There's confusion, and Dazai searches for the pity he tries to avoid.

"But that's normal, isn't it? I mean, even I..."

When Atsushi trails off, Dazai struggles to push down a strange, foreign feeling in his chest, something that feels like guilt but can't be. Yes, he knows very well about Atsushi's own scars, and the story behind them. Atsushi is too honest to hide anything, and with Dazai, he doesn't seem to want to. Another red flag, an indication that Dazai has been letting this grow too much.

He doesn't know why he's entertaining this.

"I've been in this business," and Dazai waves his hand, vague, "For a long time now. It may surprise you to know that not everyone I meet is terribly fond of me."

Since he was fourteen. A long time. Dazai doesn't have any sort of healing ability, not like Atsushi. He wonders what it must be like to have your body stitch bullet holes together over a matter of minutes, rather than taking a month to recover. Well, it would make things a lot easier.

But now Atsushi looks guilty, eyes dropping to the floor. He's too sensitive. It's not good for him.

Or for Dazai, for that matter. The hesitation is brief enough that Atsushi doesn't notice, but to Dazai, who is intimately familiar with his own habits and mannerisms, it's painfully obvious. He reaches up with his free hand, ruffles the top of Atsushi's already-messy hair.

"It's fine.