
Basic Life Support Examination

1. What does DRABC & AVPU stand for? Explain each step.
These two are the vital procedures that should be implemented whenever we're attending an emergency call.
Safety of oneself should be the first priority, and then our next priority would be our partner(s). The last priority would be the patient.
Danger: When we arrive at the location, we're first supposed to ensure that the vicinity is clear from any threat and free from any hassles which might jeopardize the life of the patient(s). 
Response: If the surroundings are safe, then we’re supposed to check if the patient is able to respond to our commands whether by blinking or by speaking/gesturing.
Airway: At this step, we’re supposed to check if the respiratory tract of the patient is clear or not. If there’s something obstructing the airway, then we should take the measures to get rid of the obstruction by the use of suction device if needed.
Breath rate: At this step, we’re to check if the patient is breathing or not. If the breathing rate is abnormal then we’re supposed to take measures to stabilize the breathing rate.
Circulation: Here, we’re supposed to measure the pulse of an individual. Ultimately, the pulse rate will depict if their circulation is normal or not.
Alert: We’re to check if the patient is responsive & aware or not.
Verbal: If the patient is able to communicate verbally and understand you concurrently.
Pain: Here, we’ll check if the patient is able to distinguish whether they feel pain at the affected part of the body.
Unconscious: We check if the patient is in their senses. Whether they’re fully conscious or sub-conscious.

2. What's the normal pulse rate?
The normal pulse rate is 60-100 beats per minute. For females it could be a bit low as compared to the males.

3. What's the first thing to do when your patient's pulse rate is 37?
We’ll notify the condition over the radio & then we’ll commence with the CPR & then use AED if required.

4. What does CPR stand for? Explain how you would perform it.
It stands for Cardiac Pulmonary Resuscitation. We will start compressions on the patient’s chest and after counting it till thirty, we will give mouth to mouth. Around 100 to 120 compressions are to be completed each minute. If this doesn’t work, our next choice is Automatic External Defibrillator. 

5. What does AED stand for? Explain how you would use it.
It stands for Automatic External Defibrillator. It is used when the person has little to no pulse. We’ll place one pad on the upper right area of chest and the other pad would be placed on the lower left area of the abdomen.
Afterwards, we’ll ensure that no one is touching the patient otherwise the person will also get shocked during the procedure. We’ll press the analyze button and once there’s a go-signal, we’ll hit the shock button. If this doesn’t work, we’ll repeat this procedure up to three times until the pulse is stabilized.


6. What is the normal breathing rate?
The normal breathing rate is 12-20.

7. What does NRB stand for and explain how to use it.
It stands for non-rebreather mask. It is used in the condition where the patient is partially conscious and is also able to breathe on their own. 
Procedure: We’ll connect the NRB mask to the oxygen tank and place the mask on the patient’s face. We’ll set the flow of oxygen to 15 litres per minute.
If the patient is unable to breathe by themselves, a Bag Valve Mask is used instead which is used by physically squeezing the bag to force the oxygen into the patient’s lungs.


8. Explain how you would use the Suction Device.
This device is used to suck only the liquid that might be blocking the airway. We’ll insert the tube in the mouth of patient and then turn on the device which will ultimately extract out all the liquid from the oral cavity.

9. How would you treat a patient who's in shock?
When the patient is in shock, we’re to ensure that the airway is clear and unobstructed. We’ll place an NRB Mask over the patient’s mouth and set the flow of oxygen to 15 litres per minute. A Cervical-collar should be used if spine is damaged. The patient should be fastened to backboard to prevent dislocation and then transported to hospital.

10. Explain how you would deal with a person who has an open fracture on their femur from the moment you arrive on scene.
Firstly, after notifying the condition of patient over the radio, we’ll take all the measures to cease bleeding otherwise the patient can die due to excessive blood loss. Afterwards, we’ll use the traction splint which is specifically used on the femur to prevent it from dislocating. 
Procedure: Place the patient’s leg on the traction splint and fasten the belts around the area.


11. Explain how would you treat a third-degree burn.
Third degree burns can be treated by applying hydrogel over the burnt area. We have to ensure that if there’s a piece of cloth stuck to the skin, then we’re not supposed to pull it off immediately. We’re supposed to use fairly cold water to first lower the temperature in that region first and then remove it.

12. Explain how you would use the Vacuum Splint.
The vacuum splint is placed on the desired area and then the belts are fastened. A pump is used to force the air out of the splint, afterwards.

13. Explain how you would deal with a DOA from the moment you arrive on scene.
First of all, a patient cannot be declared as dead until and unless it has been verified by a certified EMT. Secondly, if it has been confirmed that the individual is deceased then we’re supposed to fetch a body-bag. We’ll unzip it first and place the dead body in it and then zip it up. The body-bag will then be loaded into the vehicle’s trunk and then transported to the mortuary.

Fire & Rescue Examination

1. Explain what information you would transmit from the moment you arrive at a fire scene.
Well, after arriving at the scene we’re to ensure that we’re safe enough to start operating in the area by placing road-blocks to redirect the traffic from the area. Once we’re ready to operate, we’ll transmit vital information to make everyone in the department aware of the situation. For example: Number of people present, casualties, description of the fire, information regarding the injuries that the patient(s) has/have contracted, etc.

2. What is the turnout gear made of? Explain every item's role.
Helmet: It’s one of the toughest equipments which protect your head from things that are falling from above. It also covers your skull and keeps it safe from fire.
Nomex Hood: It is made up of a Nomex and it is profusely heat resistant. It’s the very first thing you place on your head and it also covers your neck, protecting you from heat. You can’t withstand fires if you lose this equipment.
Gloves: This is the last thing that you place on and these are heat-resistant also.
Turnout boots + pants: These two things are connected to each other. It’s basically the second thing that you place on. The straps reach to the shoulder and we should ensure that they’re fastened properly. Again, this equipment protects you from heat.
Jacket: The jacket is placed on after the turnout boots and pants. Make sure that the jacket is zipped up properly and Velcro is secured. The jacket also has shiny patterns on it so that during a fire-scene it is easier for people to detect firefighters. For instance, if there’s someone stranded in a building that’s on fire. Then a firefighter’s outfit that has shiny pattern and stripes could be easily distinguished in the scene and the helpless individual can signal the firefighter if they’re conscious enough.
Self contained breathing apparatus: It is the most vital equipment in your gear. The apparatus is filled with room-air and not oxygen & the apparatus only releases air if you’re breathing in. It is connected with a mask with which in the end is attached with the regulator. The regulator should be fastened and used properly to ensure smooth flow of air to the respiratory tract directly. The Apparatus should be worn properly and it should stick to the back. A pass-alarm comes with it which is a saving grace. If a firefighter doesn’t move for around 30 seconds, then it will activate by itself. It can also be activated manually if the firefighter is in need of help. The sound of the alarm increases gradually, which makes it easier to fetch attention from fellow colleagues.


3. What is the definition of a backdraft?
A backdraft occurs at the end of the fire. It happens usually when all the things in the room are on fire and when all the oxygen has been used up in the room with no ventilation. It occurs commonly in closed interiors. Basically, when the ventilation is provided in end, the oxygen rushes into the interior and then a shockwave explosion occurs resulting in a sudden chemical reaction. The oxygen acts as a fuel in this case.

4. What is the definition of a flashover?
A flashover occurs in the starting of a fire. A fire is considered as a flashover when all the materials in the interior are on fire and have reached the maximum temperature. If you witness a flashover during the start of a fire you have exactly 1:30 minutes to evacuate the house and save your life.

5. Explain every step you would do when you arrive on scene and you want to perform a vehicle stabilization.
I’ll report the situation over the radio. Afterwards, I’ll prevent the vehicle from moving by applying cribs between the tyres. Secondly, if there are any fuel leaks I’ll sprinkle Star Dust on the area to counter it. In the end, I’ll cut off the wires of battery to cease the vehicle from functioning. These are the steps to stabilize a vehicle.

6. Write down three vehicle extrication tools and also write down their role.
Spreaders: These are used to create space & reveal the hinges of a vehicle’s door so that cutters can be used to remove the door afterwards.
Cutters: It’s used for