Evan
I was in that nexus between knowing I liked boys and coming out of the closet. 19, and though I had had a few sexual encounters for the most part my body was, sexually speaking, relatively new and unstoried. I met Evan on Grindr. He seemed uniquely kind. Sensitive, yet stoic, he was 22-years-old and had that certain sexy quality of being put together in an adult way. He went to the gym, had a degree and a nice job at a non-profit, brushed his teeth after meals like clockwork, and he had his own space. He was renting out a house with an older gay couple that were gone that particular night — it had a pool. We met for a date at a cafe and I was spirited by the conversation all the way to this wonderful house. His car smelled new. We sat in his living room and spoke about our lives. Evan is Jewish, a slight bit shorter than me and more tan. He has beautiful carved lips and a toned very slightly muscular build. The kind of abs that only show when laying down and doing a crunch. The kind of biceps that have the bulk to the touch, but not much definition to the eye. Shaved smooth no facial hair and trimmed everywhere else with a short professional haircut and glasses like Clark Kent. Evan was timid, but had a desire about him. His eyes every now and again lingered on me... they were hungry. Our conversation at the cafe was entirely jovial and flowing quickly and naturally. Once in his living room it was more pointed and direct about our environment. It began to get dark as evening approached and talking began to feel less explicitly effortless and more like a dance with coordination. Topics rotated around more and more intimate subjects and somehow his room was brought up so we found our way there. It was large and very sleek, chic, and clean. The bed was on the middle of the wall instead of in a corner, he had his act together. He put on Spotify softly behind us and we sat on his bed. Conversation grew heavy like a coat in the heat. He was sensitive to my age and inexperience. Dancing around kissing me and speaking nothings looking into my eyes with more and more wanting. Finally, I leave some question of his hanging in the air for a second and look at him — precocious and mischievous, I dart my eyes down and then directly into his gaze and I move my face closer to his face. As if by magnetism, his entire being and mine converge as his lips meet mine and his one hand holds my left cheek and another finds the small of my back on the right side of my body. We separate just slightly and look at each other measuring the reaction of the other and then that energy swells and I swoon and puddle over into him kissing him in a frenzy of long making out. I have the passionate energy of a new explorer and my body moves in every which way his tells me to shift. He leans forward, I lean back. He pulls my hips forward, I let them follow to meet his body. He is a good kisser and tastes like cinnamon toothpaste. He breaks from my mouth to look at me with a steady calm in his eyes softly measuring my face trying to memorize my features in this exact moment. He smiles softly and kisses my forehead before kissing his way down to my ear and neck. My hips react reflexively pushing into him and he ever so softly finds his tongue into my ear and teeth ever so gently nibbling at me. I let out a soft sigh and find my hands on his back in a hug holding him to me pulling him in. He leans back and I am so attached that when his back hits the bed I am pulled forward sitting on his pelvis and I simply hold his face and kiss him with new fervor. I try at his neck mimicking his technique only to find him flinching and letting out a soft moan. I measure him now and smile. I feel him stiffing in his shorts under me and let my hips gyrate ever so slightly while we kiss to tantalize him. His hands find their way to my hips and they follow this rhythm so I gyrate harder until he takes charge and again leans forward forcing me on my back. I am caught in the swiftness of our dueling power exchange and let out of soft gasp. He has one hand on my left hip. The other placed on the bed parallel to the right side of my face. His face is looking at me intently from six inches up as if I am about to be devoured when suddenly a particularly quirky commercial plays on Spotify. I cannot help but to giggle and he blushes ever so slightly and some timidness returns to his eyes. He gets that tenderness back as he leans in to give me a softer single kiss. And then another. And another a bit quicker and harder and my arms find the back of his shoulders again. We are bonded in this ravenous carnal energy once more jumping at each other kissing fervently and suddenly his hand finds my groin and my whole body is struck by the sensation I immediately seize up and loosen within a second and lean into it. Heaving petting continues and my hand finds his long sense outlined area in his shorts. I take to explore the wild geography of his body kissing his forehead, cheeks, lips, ears, neck, clavicle. I pull up his shirt to continue on his taut toned pecs, his nipples which I lingered on for a moment nibbling and licking just so till each was hard, to his stomach kissing my way down his abs and lower to his V-lined and his hips are rocking slowly in anticipation. I hover for a moment. Looking at this bulge outline as some more explicit next step. I look up earnestly excited and probably just a bit scared. And he sits up swiftly. Stands up. Says something along the affect of “I promised you a ride home and it is getting late. I am not rushing you and you can stay, but I do not want to keep you longer than you want.” His words were cordial and they extended to me an understanding that I was nervous and new and that I did not have to go any further than this if I did not want to. That he respected my feelings and that I was safe. It was profoundly sexy. I smiled excitedly and asked to stay the night. He got this childlike grin just hiding his teeth as he nodded. And walked closer to the bed again. I leaned forward and kissed at his bulge and he sat down. I unbuttoned his pants and kissed the outline of him on his underwear. He leaned back and forward. Hand finding its way to the back of my neck. I looked up again excited and nervous. I looked in his eyes to make sure he was okay as I softly found my fingertips on the edge of his boxer briefs pulling them down. He looked bashful and excited and grinned. I smiled and looked down at him. Cut and maybe 7”. Trimmed hair. Pretty. I let his underwear and shorts hit the floor and I began kissing up his shaft. And once at the top I took him into my mouth and found my way down. Down. I took him into my throat and he shook with the sensation. I felt my throat widen slightly to accommodate him and he started to move forward and I immediately began to gag. We slowed down and I tried again. Getting it. Going up and down sucking and deepthroating for the first time. When a commercial for Chevron bursts onto Spotify. I chortle into his penis choking now laughing. Find my breath and wipe tears away. He has a smile belying that he knows this is funny. My smile dissolves back into the sultry look of desire and I go back to business. He tastes good and I am learning which movements makes him stiffen and move along. What gets an “oh” and what gets a gasp. He pulls out slowly and mirrors me. Kissing my forehead and down my body until he pulls my shorts off and I throw my shirt to the floor. He looks up and takes his off like a character from baywatch just throwing it in his hamper. He finds his face in my groin and is temporarily taken aback. He looks up. Says in a soft voice “you are really big.” Almost as though he is embarrassed. Then he begins. Using his hands in a way I had never thought to and I try to memorize every sensation. I rest my hand on the back of his neck and try to let out every moan and “oh” as they come so he knows I am in the throws of joy. But I want him again. The second he comes up for air and grab his shoulders and reposition him to lean against his pillows. I go back down and take his throbbing organ back into my mouth. Now I am practicing using my hands and I go up and down steady and quickly. He begins to pulsate. His cock so warm and smooth. He holds my head. “I am about to cum.” I push my head down and he holds it up again “I am about to cum.” I whisper confidently “I know” and go back down. He holds the back of my neck with both hands as I go up, down, up, down, up, down, up, he is cumming. I go down. I feel his dick growing and shooting into my mouth. He tastes So good and I feel so proud. I swallow it as quickly as it comes and I try to get every last drop deepthroating him quickly and slowly coming back up mining for every inch of cum in him. His pelvis shivers as his hands pull me back up. “Too sensitive!” I smile a big toothy “I did it!” Smile and he smiles back fondly. Asks if I want to cum and I really did not care. He holds me. We go under the covers and he holds me for two hours before I feel him begin to stiffen again. I open my eyes and turn around happy. I would swallow him once more than night and the next morning. He gave me swim trunks to go swimming and I ended up skinny dipping in his pool while he tanned. It felt so free. He smiled fondly drinking in my body and when I asked what he was looking at he simply said “You.” He joined me and swam naked for a while. His roommates got home and I rushed for the towels. Giddy in the scandal of it. We retire to his room drying off and I go back for a fourth time. He cums and says “I have never met someone so orally gifted and inclined.” I was just excited to be good at it. Trying techniques and getting predictable results. Evan was the perfect gentlemen and the safe sexy secure hookup that helped induct me into queer sex even before I was ready for penetration. We stayed friends and I saw him and his boyfriend of a few years now at SF Pride this year. They.