Realmite pickaxe can mine obsidian

Silk touch can be acquired early on from choosing the emerald in either the diamond quest or the fluid transfer node quest.

An infinite plank loop can be made by using 2 cyclic assemblers, a sawmill, and a stirling generator, and can also use the resulting planks as fuel.

You can use villagers to obtain Dimensional shards early.


SAG mill (w/ dark steel balls) is more effective than fortune 3 on most ores except for diamond and emerald.

You can use a bucket of destabilized redstone in the nether and it will turn lava into obsidian and is also safe to swim in

The easiest way to gather Ancient bookshelves en masse is to use an rftools silk quarry card set to 512, 8 512 centered at the entrance.

Most Blood magic alchemy ingredients can me automated with just a Chemistry Set and a ME Interface if they use exactly 5 different ingredients

Blood magic elementals can be duplicated with the mfr autospawner and easily killed with the dagger of sacrifice.

--------------------------------------------------------------

Tools made with unstable ingots have the same mining level and speed as diamond, but they're unbreakable (with a few notable exceptions listed below), and the mobius versions (made from psudeo-inversion sigil) all have efficiency X pre-applied.

Destruction Pickaxe and Erosion Shovel: 2x damage when attacking mobs and 16x damage on Twilight Forest castle bricks and tiles

Healing Axe and Reversal Hoe: Never

---------------------------

You can get zivicio essence from the wither early and break it down to Imperio, etc essence for the magical crops seeds, negating the need to craft the infusion stones early on.

Zivicio tools and sword are unbreakable no matter what and have a cobalt mining level

Scan some of the magical crops essences, most of them have absurdly high essentia values that you can (ab)use later on with the advanced alchemical furnace.

https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1yYsLU-07vTtWRfWT2QAh070MAnJGzfu4oX4shcl74ys/edit#gid=0

AOTBT Witchery Altar Power Data
Altar Power

Trollber is affected by Fortune.

Imaginary time block covers a 13x13x4 area, 1 above and 2 below

Most Thaumcraft and Witchery mobs are blacklisted from the MFR spawner, use a Powered Spawner instead

Sernade of Health can be used to quickly heal health as opposed to Notch apples

Blood magic recipes involving the orb can be done much faster with rftools.

A creeper trophy can be used to awaken the dragon heart instead of tnt

Don't do thaumcraft research while the tome of knowledge is in an autonomus activator, you will be kicked to the title screen