0] Any and all below defined rules that mandate any restrictions on actions do not apply during an introductory post so long as they remain purely superficial or aesthetic in nature. This applies only so long as the listed actions do not potentially directly affect the fight in a way that cannot also be achieved through use of other actions that are not against the rules. In short, this protects people from being dicked over for RULE OF COOL intros that don't actually hurt anything.

1] No Godmod. No metagaming, reality bending, character control, invulnerability, lightspeed, autohit, etc. etc. etc. If you really need all this stuff spelled out for you, then you shouldn't be here.

2] No use of OP character abilities. This is subjective and will be determined on a case by case basis. In general if you are leveling entire city blocks in the blink of an eye without issue or tanking massive amounts of damage with no actual consequences then like above you need to leave.

3] No post size limit. Be as descriptive as you need to be in your postings. This in mind please refrain from dropping enormous amounts of irrelevant information into your posts or being overly repetitive in the retelling of actions if possible.

4] Posting time limit is 48 Hours and failure to post within that limit will be treated as a forfeit. You should also inform your opponent upon posting a reply, instead of being an ass so they can post in a timely manner. Extensions due to legitimate real world issues can be discussed between parties in PM's, for a max extension of a further 48 Hours and failure to post within that limit will be treated as a forfeit. If an extension is agreed upon by both parties, the judge will be informed, whom will post it in the room.

5] No teleporting. If you or a force under your control does not go from point A to point B without traveling the distance between in its entirety in a speed that is not considered OP then its counted under this rule. Exceptions can be made for the purpose of summoning weapons/allies/etc.

6] No bunnying. You are allowed one attack per turn, and that is all. Actions that transpire as a result of that attack are, of course, perfectly fine, and your one attack may consist of multiple offensive actions so long as they do not cause a "barraging" effect like seen in a chain of separate attacks. This is to prevent continuity breaks that lead to confusion when a chain of actions is interrupted.

7] Interrupts are allowed, however, interrupts must be done in a sequence and timely manner. If for example something is done one after the next  in a rather quick time, the post cannot be interrupted because of common reactions. The post itself on a whole, would be incorrect. The only way this can be done, is if there is a large amount of banter and unneeded actions between needed actions. If done incorrectly, it would be  "advantageous Sequencing" which is a form of character control and is not tolerated. Example Post one: Bob rolled to the right then threw a rock at Jon. Illegal followup post: Jon dodged the rock then attacks bob while he is in his roll. [Jon clearly changed the timeline of events in order to take advantage of bob, this is not allowed] While a correct example would be: Bob rolled to the right before stating <Insert a large amount of banter here> then threw a rock. Clearly if 'throwing the rock is the only action, John can dodge it, however if he were to simply attack during the banter, then that is legal and allowed.

8] Player derived NPC limit at 3. NPC are treated as full characters in regards to being hit and receiving damage but their power must be relative to the controllers character in terms of balance to be treated as full characters for this purpose, otherwise they may be autohit and damage assigned as if they were environmental NPC. This will be discussed and agreed upon when relevant.

9] First post goes to Vile, who will set the stage in his/her post. They may be asked to repost if their setting is found to be biased inherently towards themselves and their talents as a combatant or if they have taken steps to make the arena inhospitable to an unfair extreme prior to the opponent's actual IC arrival. Refusal to repost in such a situation will be treated as a forfeit.
 
10] As this is a universal fantasy/sci-fi RP, science can be bent, but not to bullshit capacities. Remember, this IS Earth, or at least functions under the same laws and basic environmental principles. This means your setting can NOT be mandatorally detrimental to anything that could survive on earth in a non extreme environment.
Locked Fight, no entrance from an outside party, at all. -OR- Additional fighters may intervene at the consent of the already existing participants.
 
11] Any information not on your character sheet at the time the match starts or not stated in your introduction post is completely invalidated, and cannot be used within the confines of the battle itself. You aren't allowed to make up abilities as you go along, don't even try. Being caught doing so will result in instant disqualification.
 
12] Failure to comply with any rule, except those with an already defined consequence, will result in a repost. You are allowed TWO reposts, and thereafter an infringement results in a disqualification, forfeit of any bounty or other assets wagered, and in the case of a death match the character involved being rendered dead.
 
13] A judge has the right to dismiss any claims made should they find that the actual issue at hand does not in any real way affect the match itself. This applies both to inconsequential details that don't actually affect combat in any way being used as a point of contention AND cases where the involved action is being disputed due to an aesthetic process rather than its actual effects or outcomes which would be found to be perfectly acceptable if done by another process. In short Don't nitpick.
 
14] You not only reserve the right to have a post explained to you by your opponent in laymen's terms and to have any and all questions answered but may request a pause in the match room for until such concerns are addressed. Refusal to answer questions asked by an opponent about your post or abilities, within reason, will be treated as a forfeit. A judge has the right to waive this privilege if they find it to be used for the purposes of stalling, but only after initial questions have been addressed.
 
15] Before a match begins both combatants should mutually agree upon a single judge who is ideally not directly affiliated with either party to resolve these issues. Judging decisions must, and I mean MUST, be made with both parties having been able to speak with the judge and have their concerns addressed prior to the judgement. Once a judge call is made it is final.
 
16] Mock-Deathmatch, loser is declared when one combatant is dead or otherwise incapacitated, however there are no lasting effects on the character beyond the roleplay. Dead means he isn't functional so the 'lol never alive to begin with' shit cant be used as a get out.

17] After the rules have been read by both combatants and the judge, they will give some form of recognition. This can range from "I understand and accept the rules" to "Fuck yeah it's go time." Once all three participants have agreed to the rules, the fight will commence.