

In July, a majority of Metro DC DSA steering refused to support today's rally because planning was not complete, over a month before the event, while security and other details were still developing. I am confident the membership overwhelmingly supports the rally and its cause, and even SC members who voted against it are in attendance now that it is a success, streaming on MSNBC and ABC. The steering committee has not ever (to my knowledge) reversed or revsited its position that it cannot support this event.

Steering members insinuated, without any cause, that the planners were irresponsible, describing them like teenagers planning a street brawl (but with a facebook event and a stage). One called the statement too "militant" and another said we should not work with organizers who worked on the counter-inauguration in J20. When a member of MDC DSA left us because of this, Rob Wohl, a steering committee member, harassed him on his own facebook wall, finally saying "good riddance", for which he has not atoned--and then, Rob expressed the opinion that we don't need to oppose fascist demonstrations at all, because they're not a real threat to us, not real nazis. If it completes the picture of condescension, this statement came with a multi-paragraph history lesson. I did not think we had many members who felt this way, certainly not in our leadership, silent about it until they are ready to undermine our work.

Other members disassociated from MDC DSA right after this. I withdrew my membership payments and involvement but decided to wait until August 12 to make a public statement, to keep from souring the Steering Committee against any other types of support they might give the rally.

All of this didn't put a stop to the event. We were part of a big coalition of many experienced organizers from many backgrounds who put on the event you see today. Several of our organizers worked very hard to help support it in every way we can, too. Others stopped helping, I believe because it was now a heated, stressful political matter, rather than the common-sense solidarity we all thought our organization was dedicated to. 

Metro DC DSA does a lot of great work, and some of it gets a whole lot of publicity--but when a steering committee member looked at the incredibly long list of co-signing local organizations and said "but what do *they* actually do?", it became clear to me how blind we have become to solidarity. Some of our organizers are rightly very proud of the work they do, but we have fallen under the illusion that we are the only leftists in this city, because we're the only leftists landing interviews. Statements from those who voted against the rally repeatedly said they didn't think the organizers were up to making this happen, like no leftists in DC had ever put on a rally. In DC. I was shocked.

Steering committee members also, repeatedly, said that Metro DC DSA can't cosign events where there is a risk something might go wrong, because it is now an incorporated 501c4. This is not a realistic or informed assessment of our legal exposure, and many of the 40 other organizations that co-signed this event are also incorporated 501s, but watching people who theoretically support the right causes oppose them under the banner of maintaining our organization's legitimacy, I became very convinced that DSA's capacity for any kind of antifascist action, even a public rally, may not be long for this world. If we can't change our culture, if we can't learn to respect the ability of organizers in and out of DSA to make responsible decisions in our absence, we don't have comrades, or a leftist organization worth saving.

This is the list of all organizations currently co-signing the rally, per the facebook event:
Black Lives Matter Charlottesville
Black Lives Matter D.C.
Charlottesville Summer of Resistance Welcoming Committee
Anarchist Agency
Anon Anarchist Action / A(A)A
Buffalo Red and Black / Roja y Negra
Crimethinc Ex-Workers Collective
D.C. Antifascist Collective
D.C. Industrial Workers of the World
Frederick Socialists
The Future Is Feminist
Hispagatos
Holler Network
Hoods4Justice
Howard University Student Power
International Capoeira Angola Foundation, D.C.
International Socialist Organization
La ColectiVA
Libertarian Socialist Caucus, DSA
March for Racial Justice
Maryland Antifa
Mid-Atlantic General Defense Committee
Metropolitan Anarchist Coordinating Council
Millenials for Revolution
New York Anti-Racist Action
Occupy Wall St
One People's Project
Our Revolution Maryland - PG County Chapter 
Philly Antifa
Resist This (Former DisruptJ20)
Rising Tide North America
Socialist Party of D.C.
Smash Racism D.C.
Showing Up for Racial Justice Charlottesville
Showing Up for Racial Justice DC
Showing Up for Racial Justice Nova
Showing Up For Racial Justice NYC 
Suffolk County DSA
Workers Against Racism - WAR
350 D.C.

This is the call to action for the event MDC DSA Steering decided was too spicy for DSA (some changes may have been made since SC voted, none substantial AFAIK): https://pastebin.com/raw/SHBpnupm