1: Harajuku Revisited (1)

Mirja: We've reached Meiji Shrine. It won't be long now before we arrive at Aoto-kan.
Mihono: I still can't believe it. I never would have guessed Youji-san was helping Mokusa like Chii-nee.
Mihono: If that's how it was, you should have just told us when we went there the first time.
Kiyoka: Their organization is supposed to be a secret, so I don't think they could have...
Mihono: Ahh- Oh yeah! It was, wasn't it? Ahaha.
Chie: Aren't you upset about it, Mihono-chan, Kiyoka-chan? After I lied to you and used you.
Mihono: ...Hmm~, I don't feel mad about it though?
Chie: ...Why not?
Mihono: Why not...? Well I never even noticed, so I wouldn't have found out unless you told me.
Mihono: Wouldn't it be weirder if I got mad about something I didn't know? In fact, it's more like I think it's pretty cool how you managed to keep all that a secret, Chii-nee~.
Kiyoka: As for me... I know you're a good person, Setouchi-san. If someone like you has to tell a lie, I'm sure you're doing it for a good reason...
Kiyoka: That's why I won't really... I won't hold it against you!
Chie: And what if being a good person was just another part of my act?
Kiyoka: Even then, I wouldn't mind... Even if you were acting, the fact remains that you were so kind to me... That's enough for me.
Chie: You two... Thanks.
Mihono: C'mon, quit worrying about it already! You're such a downer, Chii-nee~. Besides, everyone's got a secret or two they haven't told anybody, right?
Mihono: Like, don't tell her, but my stomach was rumbling earlier and I couldn't help myself, so I ate Fukki's pudding.
Kofuki: Ohhh~? So you were behind that, huh?
Mihono: Geh, Fukki-!? You heard that!?
Kofuki: "Geh... You heard that", so that's how it is now!?
Kofuki: When I asked you about it before, you said you had no clue what happened to my pudding. Why didn't you say something? Why the hell didn't you say something~?
Mihono: I-I tried to tell you! But you looked like you were about to stab someone! Your eyes were really scary, so I just...
Kofuki: Well course I did. When you steal the pudding somebody was really looking forward to, you should expect to get what's coming to you!
Mihono: I-I'm so sorry! I'll buy you two puddings as payback, so forgive me!
Kofuki: Three. If that's too much, then we can do this the really hard way.
Mihono: Ughh~... Fine... If that gets me off the hook... I'll buy you three puddings.
Kofuki: Heh, you get to live another day. And make sure you don't forget this one. People hold serious grudges when you eat what's theirs!
Mihono: G-Got iiit...

Mihono: Aghh~... Talk about false charges.
Kiyoka: I don't think you get to call that false charges, Hono-chan.
Mihono: Ch-Changing the subject! When we were here last time, it was pretty crazy with all the aradama around, wasn't it!
*aradama appears*
Mihono: Yeah, just like that- Whoa, it's happening again!!
Kiyoka: I-It's because you had to go and bring it up, Hono-chan...
Mihono: Eh!? This is my fault now!?



2: Harajuku Revisited (2)

Chie: Why does this have to keep happening when we're in such a rush...
Kofuki: Well I've always got time for aradama-chan! Hehaha!
Mirja: We're losing too much time to these aradama. Let's pick up the pace to Aoto-kan.



3: Feeling Rushed, Getting Impatient (1)

Kiyoka: I never would have thought we'd be fighting aradama as soon as we arrived in Harajuku...
Mihono: Same here. I wish they'd do us a favor for once and leave us alone.
Kofuki: You said it.
Mihono: Huh? Am I hearing things!? You're always pumped up whenever there's a chance to fight aradama, so why not now?
Kofuki: It's hard to get into it when Chichie won't stop looking so depressing.
Chie: .........
Mihono: Chii-nee? Chii-nee!?
Chie: ...Eh? W-What is it? Sorry, I didn't hear you.
Mihono: It's nothing, just... Are you okay?
Chie: Mmhm... Of course.
Mirja: Are you now? Because it very much doesn't seem that way to me.
Mirja: Your reactions are more sluggish than ever before, on top of which you're having a hard time assessing the situation, paying attention to your surroundings, and listening to others.
Mirja: Do you realize how many times you've put yourself at risk while we've been fighting now? Thankfully, Asakura Mihono and Musumi Kiyoka have been there to cover for you.
Mirja: I understand that Mokusa is weighing on your mind, but it's inexcusable for you to ignore the situation at hand.
Mirja: Rather than helping, you're only a burden on us like this. Frankly, it would only save us trouble if you would stay out of the fighting.
Kiyoka: Th-That's going too far...
Chie: What's your prob--
Aradama: GYAAAUUUU!
Mihono: Ehh, there's more!?
Chie: One after another... We don't have time for this!
Mirja: Everyone, prepare for battle. Shichinosato Kofuki will attack the enemy from the front. Setouchi Chie and Musumi Kiyoka will support from the rear. Asakura Mihono and I will attack at their blind spots, until all of them are eliminated.
Chie: We need to finish this fast so I can find out what happened to the others. I'm joining the front!
Mirja: I hope you haven't forgotten, but I'm the captain of this investigation team.
Mirja: And, as captain, I'm rejecting that proposal. With the way you are now, you'd only be slowing us down unnecessarily.
Mirja: Musumi Kiyoka. Please make sure Setouchi Chie doesn't overwork herself.
Kiyoka: I-I'll try.



4: Feeling Rushed, Getting Impatient (2)

Mirja: Pant, pant, pant...
Kiyoka: M-Mirja-san, your arm is bleeding...
Mirja: It's nothing. It isn't deep enough to affect my ability to fight.
Kofuki: You overdid it. For all that lecturing you were giving Chichie, you're not acting like yourself either.
Mihono: Seriously. I had that sinking feeling in my stomach the whole time you kept pushing forward after your utsushi broke.
Mirja: I only did what I decided had to be done. We're in a race against time. We can't afford to be held back here.
Chie: ...You mean, you got hurt because of me?
Mirja: That isn't the case. I was only injured due to my own inexperience. I should be more dedicated to my training.
Chie: I'm sorry... About earlier.
Mirja: So long as you understand, that's enough.
Mirja: I'm aware you're feeling rushed, but because of that you were exposing all of us to danger. I know you don't want that either.
Mirja: Achieving our goal is meaningless if we can't reach it while guaranteeing everyone's safety.
Mirja: Naturally that means keeping you safe as well, Setouchi Chie.
Mirja: In the same way you are worried about Mokusa, I am worried about you.
Chie: Mirja-san... Thank you.



5: What Happens Twice Will Happen Thrice (1)

Mirja: Now that we've all managed to catch our breath, let's--
Girl: KYAAAAAAA!!
Kiyoka: Wh-What was that!? Eh... N-No way... More aradama...!? They're after her!
Mihono: You're kidding, aradama again!? They say what happens twice happens thrice, but now of all times... Come onnn~!
Kofuki: You guys go on ahead and leave this to me.
Mihono: This is a real emergency, you know! Don't try to look cool when you just want to play around, Fukki!
Kofuki: That's not it! I just wanna chop up aradama. You want to get there quick. So what's the problem here?
Mihono: There's no way you can fight of all those aradama by yourself!
Kofuki: Course I can. The more the merrier, actually!
Kofuki: Come on, get going already. You're holding up me and aradama-chan's private playtime!
Chie: Don't be ridiculous; we aren't leaving you alone here!
Kofuki: Do you hear yourself? You're the one who wants to leave the most, Chichie.
Kofuki: Besides, you're totally useless right now. Get outta here before you get hurt.
Chie: Don't worry... I won't be a burden on you anymore.
Mirja: It seems you've regained your composure at least.
Mirja: Honestly, I'm still feeling impatient. I want to get out of here as fast as I can.
Chie: And that's why we'll defeat these aradama right away. Mirja-san, will you support me?
Mirja: Certainly. That's my role here after all.
Mihono: Alright~! Let's take them down together!
Kiyoka: That's how it is... It'll be over faster if we all work as a team.
Kofuki: What, all of you are staying? Tch... No helping it, huh!
Chie: Then, let's go!



6: What Happens Twice Will Happen Thrice (2)

Mihono: Ughh~, that's gotta be all the aradama around here, right?
Kiyoka: If more showed up... I don't think we can beat them...
Kofuki: You guys are pathetic. I could go like seven more times! No, maybe more than that!
Chie: That's a little overboard, don't you think...
Mirja: At any rate, this frequent series of aradama attacks is highly unusual.
Chie: Yes... Something's really wrong about all this.



7: At the End of a Long Journey (1)

Aoto Youji: Come right in-- Oh, long time no see, ladies. Miss me so much you just had to come back, huh? Popular guys have it so hard.
Mirja: Sorry to stop by unannounced.
Youji: Did you get prettier in the short time since I last saw you all?
Youji: They say boys can change a lot if you take your eyes off them for three days, but I guess the same goes for girls too.
Youji: So, jokes aside, what brings you here today? You're welcome for help with anything besides the blades.
Chie: We don't need help with anything today; we're here about Mok--
???: Ah-! Look at all the cuties who came in! Would you by any chance be the investigation team!?
Chie: We are, but... Who are you?
???: I knew it! When I saw all your uniforms were different, it was like a lightbulb went off in my head!
???: Ahhh~... You're all so cute though! Just looking at you, I can't help but sigh! I just want to give you all a big hug!
???: Ohh, oh yeah, I should introduce myself first!
Yui: Second year middle schooler from Ayanokouji, Yamashiro Yui. I've been assigned by President Souraku to join your investigation team!
Mirja: By President Souraku?
Yui: Yep, yep. I was following in your