Hi Joseph,

 

It’s great to see that you’re interested in some of our training programs! You can learn more about all of our training programs on our website, here: https://goodwillsp.org/train/goodwill-university/. Simply click the blue link of the programs you would like to learn more about. To answer your question, all of our training programs are free of charge.

 

To learn more about our IT Training programs (Fundamentals of IT, Salesforce Academy, Web Development and IT Ready) and their enrollment process, please visit this webpage: https://goodwillsp.org/train/goodwill-university/it-training/. As you can see, our IT Training programs are cohort based, unlike our other training programs which offer more of a rolling admission process (which is why there are no start dates listed). We kick off each new cohort with an IT Training Info Session that interested applicants must attend either in person or online. At this information session, you’ll learn everything you need to know regarding our IT Training programs and will have the opportunity to ask questions. Until we kick off our next cohort, you should fill out the following interest form so that we make sure a Goodwill University team member invites you to the next kick-off information session: https://goo.gl/forms/972UxZOmefMtpcL12. In the meantime, we encourage you to come into the Goodwill Opportunity Campus and register as a Goodwill client, at which time you can explore and possibly enroll in some of our other high-level courses as you wait for the date of our next info session to be released. Please note that our next IT Training Info Session will take place in early spring of 2019, so after you complete the aforementioned interest form, it may be several months before you hear from a Goodwill University team member.

 

In order to enroll in a non-IT Training program (Customer, Administrative & Business Services; Construction; Forklift; Call Center; Microsoft Office Specialist – Word, Microsoft Office Specialist – Excel and Computer Skills) you need to come to the Goodwill Opportunity Campus, located at 5301 Wilkinson Boulevard in west Charlotte, so that you can meet one-on-one with a specialist who can help you get started. We are open Monday – Friday, 8 a.m. – 4:30 p.m., with the exception of being closed the last Friday of each month. You don’t need an appointment – simply show up whenever it’s convenient for you. When you arrive, tell our receptionist that you are interested in taking one of our training programs, and she will take it from there. There are a couple of quick prerequisite workshops you must complete before you can enroll in a non-IT Training course, so I suggest you come to the Goodwill Opportunity Campus a couple weeks before the start date.

 

Please let me know if you have any more questions!