1880
...joys, appear to be a little behind the age. A new Chinese theatre has been opened in San Francisco, which i...
...e orchestral music filled the large building with Chinese melody, all present forgot thatthey were in a for...
...ed for nearly four months, aud ''Kerry ' and “The Chinese Question” (with that admirable make-up of “Those ...
... case. But the Gover- nor who struck oil when the Chinese— —No matter! The reader, we presume exclaims —“Bu...
... pamphlet advocating the use of Indian as against Chinese teas. The latter are being extensively and dele-t...
...onary steamer, was at Teste Island, New Guinea. A Chinese junk has been attacked by New Guinea natives, who...
...Flour is not procurable there. On February 14th a Chinese storekeeper sold the last oft some bad flour at £...
...of the colony, which should be read by every one. Chinese allege that they have only been forced to “ knock...
...e the drunken helots of universal . suffrage. The Chinese ambassador, recently recalled from ' St. Petersbu...
... Dr. Bowker seems care-worn. One of the principal Chinese merchants in Lower George-street had a bath last ...
...e subscriptions to the Irish Eelief Fund from the Chinese have been large.”— Heeald. What is there about th...
...hs over two hundred. Ting-a-Ling is the name of a Chinese girl in San Fran- cisco. She doubtless is a belle...
...te and yellow alike, is fast decreasing. Over 100 Chinese die there annually of fever. K<r On 31st March la...
...blic meeting in Sydney to the effect that no anti-Chinese bill will be acceptable to the working men of N.S...
...ue.’ am Richmond Thatcher has been describing the Chinese fan-tan and lottery shops for the Melbouenb Heral...
...Bathurst-street eolumnites have a ‘ national anti-Chinese league ’ on the tapis. Queensland has been allott...
..., the other day, it was reported that there was a Chinese leper in town. Cabbages were im- mediately at a d...
...nt for the hand of Madge, and others, including a Chinese servant, welchers and wandering musicians. This m...
...he U. S. have 82,263 miles of railway. A big anti-Chinese crusade is approaching. An attempt to poison the ...
...ime.’ Damages are laid at £5,000. At Copeland the Chinese can make no headway. The diggers won’t deal with ...
...for any politician who will use as a weapon ‘ the Chinese mus ’ git. ’ The amateur concert given at the Odd...
...ken out ten miles from Maytown, Palmer River. 400 Chinese and 14 Europeans were on the ground when the mail...
...Price—3d. The Bulletin SATURDAY, MAY 1, 1880, The Chinese Question. jfo Sydney paper which has of late spok...
...oken on tho subject appears to be thorough on the Chinese question. The Mongolian proclivities of our lead-...
... disguised ; and the newspaper which, while the “ Chinese sailor” dispute was raging from Capo York to Cape...
... coolie labor, appears to regard the present anti-Chinese agitation as ill-timed and unnecessary. Perhaps t...
...raid that they would soon feel the effects of the Chinese invasion—a dearth of work and a reduction in the ...
...xcept from the standpoint of self-in- terest. The Chinese question is a weighty one and one on which hundre...
...to exist, sink to the level of the latter. On the Chinese question there must be no compromise on the part ...
... his cheap labour—the ruin of the white; that the Chinese brm£ no women with them, and foster immorality wh...
...ained relations be- tween capital and labour. The Chinese as a body must eventually be cleared out of all b...
... were deprived of work in order that thousands of Chinese might fossick for a living. At present the Chines...
...hinese might fossick for a living. At present the Chinese, who, properly speaking, are not morally, physica...
...e Com- missioners, arrive by next 'Frisco mail. A Chinese faction fight has coma off at Albury. It lasted s...
...nd forty. At Gilberton, N.Q., robbers, presumably Chinese, have carried |away from a store a 3001 b. iron s...
...olony, and that steps should be taken to make the Chinese question a test at the next election. Butler, who...
...e Mr. Tolano -gives us a capital rendering of the Chinese servant, Ah Luck, whom Maltby has placed in charg...
...He has taken with him a lot of posters printed in Chinese and translated into that celostially-heathenish l...
...Dick, and that the posters will an- nounce tojthe Chinese world that the musical-glass man is no good. The ...
... world that the musical-glass man is no good. The Chinese libel law is understood to be a peculiar one. All...
...ge. * The way of the evil-doer is hard.’ The anti-Chinese agitators have a good cause, hut it’s a pity that...
...d. Joe Tolano is going for East Sydney on the pro-Chinese ticket. Very good ‘ pitchee-pitchee! The ages of ...
...e crushed 100 tons for 77 ounces gold. The “ Anti-Chinese Association of N.S.W’” has been formed in Sydney....
... was till they saw it in the papers. Daring tho “ Chinese strike ” the Hunter River 8. N. Co. made £ll,OOO ...
...to be supported the House might as well allow the Chinese to erect their Joss houses and give them assistan...
...r heard a mill d—n ? Whoever ate a door jam r 1 A Chinese student for the ministry wrote in a lady’s album ...
...ve some Bathurst men there as jurors. Why did the Chinese witness, when asked to explain the mysteries of ‘...
...arters Towers municipal accounts are muddled. The Chinese gaming-house keepers were each fined £25. Gold ha...
... Association of N. Tasmania is deal- ing with the Chinese question as far as it concerns the mines of the N...
...ron is to move that a bill for the restriction of Chinese immigration be promptly submitted by Government. ...
...the I.S.N. Co. One and fourpence was found in the Chinese gambling den. However, the celestials had a good ...
...Sunday evening the Sydney police made a raid on a Chinese gambling house, fii Goulburns-treet, and arrested...
...rease for the year of 7417. These numbers include Chinese and Polynesians. G. A. Hill and Travers, two firs...
...IREWORKS! FIREWORKS!! FIREWORKS!!! £JHINESE GUNS, Chinese Crackers, best Canton Fire Crackers, Rockets, Mar...
.... The Sydney Coffee Palace has been enlarged. The Chinese Emperor has an English doctor. The sea-wall at Co...
...pp. A ’Frisco land agent has been murdered by his Chinese servants. Polynesians in Queensland are committin...
... placet! at the Mount Mulligan reefs, Hodgkinson. Chinese cooks are being discharged from Mel- bourne resta...
...oing to teach science in Victorian State schools. Chinese tributors at Haddon (Vic.) have mutually agreed t...
...ngham, J.P., is lonely on Saturdays now. Even tho Chinese regret poor Kush’s sudden death. Another 80 per c...
...touched it. The Herald says that those opposed to Chinese immigration are ‘ larrikins.’ Plenty of larri- ki...
...g about Little Bonrke- street investigating the ‘ Chinese Question ’ and col- lecting facts against Chinese...
...Chinese Question ’ and col- lecting facts against Chinese cheap labour. Vet the •‘X-Commissioner bought a l...
...f furniture cheop a little while ago knowing that Chinese hands and feet and fashioned every article. J. Ed...
...A hundred times better than you looked after that Chinese strike. Mr. Dibbs: You’ve got me there. You ran t...
...ll, I don’t suppose we differ very much about the Chinese. Reporter : Except as to price. Mr. Dibbs: Well, ...
...it’s really j * ac t you stand high with the anti-Chinese folk. y a gain it’s because you make a good fight...
...that much success had attended the efforts of the Chinese mission. Mr. Robert Artherington, of Leeds, has g...
...he influence o? Christian teaching. Mr. Cheong, a Chinese student of the Melbourne University, lectured on ...
...St. Saviour’s Church, Melbourne, on behalf of the Chinese Mission. Several of the Chinese attached to the W...
... on behalf of the Chinese Mission. Several of the Chinese attached to the Wes- leyan Chnroh in Melbourne ar...
...em inclined to fulfil the Berlin treaty. Over 100 Chinese left Melbourne last Tuesday for Tasmania. Paint i...
...aptain Hildebrand! is the agent hero for the best Chinese oil paintings. A pnblie-Hchool for aborigines is ...
...arkes proposes an intercolonial conference on the Chinese question. A ‘ - super.” has been charged with pas...
...rial authorities respecting the transportation of Chinese convicts to Australia. In the United States a str...
...bs is tho only case on record which has no moral. Chinese believe in a yellow sovereign. We like yellow sov...
...fessor Richard A. Proctor visited the Mel- bourne Chinese quarters ou Thursday night week. 'The Astronomer ...
...the lotteries, and marked a, sixpenny ticket. The Chinese object to the Professor's visiting them again. Th...
...damages, £5OO. Defendant has just been married. A Chinese lady and two children attended a Sunday School fe...
...ide of the western. The great Napoleon attended a Chinese banquet in Paris, and, iu accordance with. the cu...
...re arc 67 old Union soldiers and 61 Confederates. Chinese on the Pacific Slope are refused letters of natur...
...Club has on its list 103 members and 17 yachts. A Chinese storekeeper on the Palmer had 92 oz. gold stolen ...
...he Czar of Russia. Capt. Anderson, commander of a Chinese gun- boat, has married a Mongolian lady nt Shangh...
...e a bargain about a big “ vegeteo-malhi” with the Chinese vegetable merchant. Marcus Clarke, the well-known...
...rs were called in New Zealand for a, public work, Chinese being excluded from the compotificn. The work tel...
...l of the fittest.” Restricted Responsibility. The Chinese question, in so far as regards its relation to th...
...st local legislation affecting the immigration of Chinese. But if the action of the Colonial Legislature is...
... not appear to have benefitted by the change from Chinese to European grooming. The Rev. J. G. Turner has s...
...ed Her. F. E. D. Paddington, June 16th. An Austro-Chinese Battle at