Ladies and gentlemen, I have an important announcement to make. EQW won’t be releasing under the said date with promised features and content, it will in fact not be released at all. There are a couple of reasons for that of which can be summed up with a single word, namely arrogance. Mr. SJ7 is both ignorant and arrogant and does not know of the term ‘team spirit’. In recent days, SJ7 has given various promises including the release of EQW on the 22nd of December, one that can no longer be fulfilled. To that, I have some things to say. It took him at least an entire week to get a working game client, one which had been provided to him through external means. After he had gotten this said client, he started doing god knows what and didn’t progress with anything. 
My contact with him has been nothing but a nightmare either. He would typically write late in the night, around 10 PM, that he would fix bug X and that he would most likely spend the entire night doing so. Clearly that wasn’t the case because on the next day, he wasn’t seen or heard from. This would then go on for several days repeatedly. Poor communication in a team is a very bad sign and any team should always try to make up for it by communicating more. This was clearly not the case either. 
SJ7 showed almost no care or interest for any of the team members and had a certain lack of professionalism. This lack of professionalism strikes very hard in the short war of Alter-EQW, where members of both teams had the brilliant idea of insulting each other non-stop until one blocked the other.
I attempted to apologize through a public post, resulting in an opposite reaction of what I had expected. Honestly, I thought it would end the war but it didn’t and instead escalated the situation. In SJ7’s eyes, EQW is without equal and has to remain on the top, at any cost. There is no room for apologies, no matter the mistake. 
As the reader you may wonder why the release of EQW might be delayed or not happen at all, so far there hasn’t been any concrete evidence of that fact. I have spoken with the various members of the small team that is EQW and we’ve all reached a mutual consensus. We’re leaving the team all together due to mistreatment and lack of cooperation. This decision is definite. 
This will undoubtedly affect the release date of EQW and the quality of its content. We, the former members of the team apologize for that but will not change our minds regarding the matter. SJ7 will as of the moment not have any staff members to guarantee the quality of the game, the website, or the satisfaction of its users. His claims of beating Alter are non-veridical and clearly pointless. Nonetheless, this has also shown another side of him, including the state of his mental health. At his lowest point he had defamed his own upcoming player base by labeling them irrelevant. This just goes to show how SJ7 truly has no care for his own players, his own team or himself for that matter. 
In conclusion, EQW is not guaranteed to rise or have its moment of glory; all because of SJ7’s selfish behavior and ignorance.  

Friendly regards, Harry.