Ministers has joined the chat
Vamble: Theeeere we go
CERNUNN0S: ope
CERNUNN0S: you don't fit
Ministers: I'll shrink.
Ministers: When I load that is.
Ministers: Oh shoot I really don't fit.
Ministers: LOL.
CERNUNN0S: lol.
CERNUNN0S: I definitely giggled out loud haha
Ministers: Here we go!
CERNUNN0S: ii
Ministers: Where should I seat myself?
Vamble: Anywhere you want ^^ There's a spot on the end of the couch beside me that isn't a cuddle pose.
Ministers: Lovely.
Vamble: Okie dokie! Sorry. Keep having the boys distract me
Ministers: No worries. I am patient.
CERNUNN0S  I'm rushing you tho 
Vamble: You already know me. Rocky, here, just got promoted to Personnel Manager, so she's shadowing the process. The interview process will consist of a review of your conflict resolution skills and a brief overview of who you are to determine if you're a good fit for our company. Are you ready?
Ministers: Yes, Ma'am.
Vamble: Perfect! I'm going to skip a few things just for time's sake (such as "tell us about yourself" because, well, we're all familiar with you, I think) and dive into the meat of it.
Vamble: We pride ourselves on being a calm, loving collective, but sometimes personalities can clash. How do you typically handle people who annoy you?
Ministers: I handle them in a civil manner despite my annoyance but in things such like a work-place, I would let my higher authority know that things between said person and I do not match well. Despite such, I will remain out of the way, respectful, etc and keep my annoyance to myself.
Vamble: That's perfect! Though, if it's minor, we do advise people to handle those little skirmishes amongst themselves. If it escalates, then feel free to speak to one of the people in leadership. Most of the time, it's a simple misunderstanding.
Vamble: A client comes in and refers to the dancers as bitches/whores/sluts. What would you do?
Ministers: I would ask the client to watch how they speak to the dancers. Treat the ladies with respect and have him to apologize. There should be no tolerance for such disrespect. Assuming he would comply, things would dissolve but I would keep my eye on them. If not, I would give them another chance to correct themselves before removing them from the club and immediately contacting higher authority.
Vamble: Acing it all, of course.
Vamble: A dancer's partner comes into the room and begins causing a disruption because they're not getting all of the attention of the girl they're dating. How would you resolve this?
Ministers: I would speak to the partner and ask them to control themselves. Explain that the workplace is not their relationship, such doesn't belong in the workplace and it is instead a personal matter. If the partner complies or leaves, issue dissolved. If not, once again, remove them from the club and immediately contact higher authority.
Ministers: Also thank you. Lowkey nervous.
Vamble: There's no reason to be nervous! Rocky's not THAT scary!
Ministers: LOL.
Vamble: You've had a long day, and you notice your patience level for people is low in a room full of people. There are no other support staff (bouncers and bartenders) available to take your spot in the club, but one or more of the girls have moderator status. What do you do?
CERNUNN0S: I mean....
Vamble: You can be
CERNUNN0S: I'm pretty terrifying
Vamble  She's latina so she'll stab you 
CERNUNN0S  or just cut your head off and play soccer with it 
CERNUNN0S: ._.
Ministers: I would hang in and do my job to the best of my ability. Grab some water or snacks and play some music and stay put. If things seem to be escalating, I would ask permission for a small break to gather myself. Maybe have a quick vent and then back to business. No more than 5-10.
Vamble: That was actually a trick question~
CERNUNN0S: :o she gotted you
Ministers: I got, got.
Vamble: Every Official Babe and up has booting rights (fixed yours, Rocky), so they would all have the right to boot in your place. Should things become too much, feel free to leave. If the only person/people in are trials, let us know and we'll babysit.
Ministers: Oh...OH. Okay I didn't think that way.
Ministers: I understand where I went wrong.
Vamble: I expect everyone to get that wrong. No worries.
Vamble: What made you choose Decadence over all of the other clubs on IMVU?
Ministers: I wanted to apply for Decadence because with me sitting in there everyday and getting to know everyone, I love it and I love the company and aura. Besides loving the owners, I love that every girl has been sweet and open and it is a non...Hm. Non-bullshit space. There's no catty drama, no ugliness, not one girl in there doesn't support the other and I love that. I love that I have been welcomed and I am treated well. I love that the rules do not stand for BS and it is always handled accordingly. I was a dancer/escourt WAY back in my day and it was always drama and lies, fakeness, scheming and scamming and I was over it. However, at Decadence it is different and I truly feel like I could call this place home. I sit every day and I observe the chat and make sure everything is smooth with the girls and if I were to have the job; I would have no doubt in my mind that I would love my job. I would love the environment and I would be happy working at Decadence.
Vamble: That makes me so happy. We try our best to be tolerant for a while of minor issues in an attempt to resolve them, but we don't really stand for consistent nonsense.
Vamble: What do you wish to get out of your experience with Decadence?
Ministers: I wish for bonds. Friendship. A team. A family, and a place where I can be and have pleasure being there. Which I do. I like the girls and I gift and support whenever I can and I will always support.
Vamble: I think we can definitely offer that ^^ Do you have any questions so fa
Vamble: r?
MinistersMinisters : None that I can think of. I think that I've stayed around long enough to get a bit of a jist of things.
Vamble: Wonderful! Well, I would love to officially welcome you to the team if you would like to join us. Before we officially invite you, we ask that you read the rules ( https://bit.ly/decadence_rules ) and should you agree, feel free to add Bouncer @ Decadence on your card ^^
CERNUNN0S: ii
CERNUNN0SCERNUNN0S : YAY!
Ministers: YAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAY!
CERNUNN0S  dances around the room 
Ministers  squeals and wiggles happily. 
CERNUNN0S: I look forward to working wtih you, Min ?
Vamble  it also means you get a discount 
Ministers: I'm so flippin' happy! ? I look forward working with you as well.
Ministers: Wait..Wait. Is that in the rules too or can you explain that?
CERNUNN0SCERNUNN0S : I must hop in the shower or I will be late for work tonight, babes.
CERNUNN0S: Thanks for having me creep quietly over here during your interview :D
CERNUNN0SCERNUNN0S : I'll see y'all tomorrow ?
Ministers: Enjoy your shower love. ? Have a good night at work.
Vamble: Have fun!
CERNUNN0S: I'mma try
CERNUNN0S: pray to the dollar bill gods for me tonight
Vamble  prays for all the rain 
CERNUNN0S: yeeeees sus that's what I need
CERNUNN0S: Night ?
CERNUNN0S has left the chat