How will I access the information? - Как я получу доступ к информации?
I will access the library from my computer.
They will fall in love with each other.
When will you leave?
The more questions you ask, the more you will learn.
As of now I will use two colors.
I will try it next week.
We will continue eating.
For how much will she sell them?
She will help me to reduce the amount of water.
I will get used to it. - Я привыкну к этому.
I will let my daughter go to Germany.
What color is this table? - Какого цвета этот стол?
What color is this? - Какой это цвет?
Ivan doesn't know yet where our new office is.
What are the colors of the national flag?
They used every argument possible.
My parents had an argument last night.
You were as beautiful as a queen. - Ты была такая же красивая, как королева.
His brother took the blame and is in prison.
I am the king of the world!
What was the cause of the fire?
Who took the blame? - Кто взял вину на себя?
I agree with this plan.
Why do we have to pay taxes?
That country has a great debt towards you.
Nothing is as important as peace.
Violence is a threat.
What are their demands?
People think that he lost vost votes because of the economy.
Why is his decision final?
What are the colors of the national flag?
Our strategy was to keep families here. Нашей стратегией было удержать семьи здесь.
During the campaign he only talked about the economy.
What is the cause of all this?
Why do we assume that his decision is final?
Why do we have to pay taxes?
Whose are the cats?
Why is his decision final?
Why is the juice blue? Почему сок синий?
Where are you going to be? Где вы будете?
I think that I am going to go to Germany to study medicine.
I'm never going to forget my daughter.
What are you going to wear tonight?
Medicine is no science.
What is the new speed?
The water volume is not enough.
The sample is not pure enough.
The temperature has gone down. - Температура снизилась.
People thought that these laws were true for mass and energy. Люди думали что эти законы были справедливы для массы и энергии.
I like physics.
Is philosophy a kind of science?
There is no limit to human progress.
What is the depth of the pool?
Chemistry helps us to understand the world.
What does the group measure?
The students have to discover the meaning on their own. Эти студенты должны открыть значение сами по себе.
I have not drunk alcohol today.
We live in a cycle.
I have my own reasons.
It took us three hours to come to a conclusion.
It is important that she travels, in order to discover the world.
in order to - чтобы
What are your conclusions?
Study and research go hand in hand. - Обучение и исследование идут рука об руку.
We are waiting in line. - Мы ждём в очереди.
I need a box of this size. - Мне нужна коробка такого размера.
We deliver more units than them. - Мы доставляем больше единиц чем они.
I have no money. = I have not the money.
What has happened to the scale?
I think it gives depth to the writing.
Each month we write down the height of the children.
I think it gives depth to the writing.
It's a formula, no more no less.
The students have to discover the meaning on their own.
For some reason I feel more alive at night.
The came to the same conclusion.
Many people were waiting in line. Много людей ждали в очереди.
What is the purpose of the research?
This time we will use another method.
What is the new speed?
What is the length?
How many samples?
What speed does he run at?
At what speed does he run?
I don't understand his theory.
What happened to the scale? Что случилось с этой шкалой?
All the teachers have different techniques.
People thought that these laws were true for mass and energy.
I think it gives depth to the writing.
What is your height?
Some animals live in the depths of the sea.
I think it gives depth to the writing.
She explains me that formula.
Your vision is good if you see the dots.
I made a discovery.
During one of these walks she made a discovery.
I will never know the reason. - Я никогда не узнаю причину.
We work with other scientists.
What are your conclusions?
The article spoke for itself. Эта статья говорила сама за себя.
I need a box of this size. Мне нужна коробка такого размера.
The car is efficient for its weight.
This time we will use a different method.
I have today's edition. У меня есть сегодняшнее издание.
At what speed does he run?
For science weight and mass are different things.
It's a large quantity of energy.
How many dots do you see?
Did you measure the depth?
It is a formula, no more no less.
We will have found more on Saturday. - Мы найдем больше в субботу.
You will have received the computers by Thursday.
She will have taken the shoes off before going to sleep. - Она снимает туфли прежде чем идти спать.
By then, you will have called someone else.
He will have taken our bag.
This change will have created more jobs by next month.
I will have found that restaurant. - Я уже найду этот ресторан.
We will have received the keys. Мы получим эти ключи.
When I grow up, I will be a scientist.
If you help me, I will you.
I will return you the book when we return home.
She will have found the documents by the time she finds the bag. Она найдет документы к тому времени как найдет сумку. Она уже найдет документы, когда она найдет сумку.
It took us three hours to come to a conclusion. У нас заняло три часа чтобы прийти к заключению.
The technology is already ready.
The project is taking shape. Этот проект принимает форму.
We are waiting in line.
The article spoke for itself. Статья говорила за себя.
The colors will change in the next edition. Цвета изменятся в следующей редакции.
The results are still under analysis. Результаты всё еще анализируется.
This time we will use a different method. - В этот раз мы будем пользоваться другим методом.
We deliver more units than them.
The results of the analysis arrive today.
The results are still under analysis.
The car is efficient for its weight. Машина эффективна для своего веса.
The distance between the houses is the same.
At what speed does he run?
The author has had many publications. Автор имел много публикаций.
What happened to the scale? Что случилось с этой шкалой?
What is the temperature today?
I have neither a white nor a blue plate. - У меня нет ни белой, ни синей тарелки.
There is no white cup here. Тут нет белой чашки.
What color is this table?
What color is your bag? Какого цвета твоя сумка?
Here is your new violin. - Вот ваша новая скрипка.
Is your bed old? У тебя старая кровать?
It is splendid weather outside. - На улице чудесная погода.
And is the university far from the new bridge? А университет далеко от нового моста?
What do you think, where is the green house? Как вы думаете, где зеленый дом?
Why is the juice blue? Почему сок синий?
Why is the soup red, is it borscht?
Her house is smaller than ours.
Is your son alright?
You should sleep more.
Nothing is better than home. Нет ничего лучше дома.
Nothing is worse than my new job. Нет ничего хуже моей новой работы.
Thanks, I'm better. Спасибо, мне лучше.
Better not work there. Лучше не работать там.
She has fewer cats and  that is good. У неё меньше кошек, и это хорошо.
You have to cook on your own. Ты сам должен готовить.
What a long answer!
A blue cup and two plates, please. Дайте синюю чашку и две тарелки пожалуйста.
Do you know this author's new book? Вы знаете новую книгу этого автора?
I see a white mouse and nothing else. Я вижу белую мышь, и ничего больше.
There is no blue cat here. Здесь нет синей кошки.
Why do you think that I have bad children?
There are only tasty apples here.
I have bad news for you.
Their students are not very good. У них не очень хорошие ученики.
All people are different. Все люди разные.
What is your favorite color? 
Do you know the game's rules?
The size is important to us.
He will have returned to his country. - Он уже вернется в свою страну.
She will have decided to sleep. - Она решит поспать.
My mother will have chosen a different road. Моя мама выберет другую дорогу.
The boys will have returned by tomorrow. - Мальчики вернутся до завтра.
We will have sent you everything by Tuesday. Мы вышлем вам всё ко вторнику.
He will have decided to swim. Он решит поплавать.
We will have chosen this house. Мы уже выберем этот дом.
He will have chosen this box. Он выберет эту коробку.
She will have sent flowers.
All these animals will have died out by the time we come back. Все эти животные вымрут к тому времени, как мы вернемся.
I will have found the restaurant. Я уже найду этот ресторан.
We will have called the police. Мы уже вызовем полицию.
This change will have created more jobs by next month. Это изменение создаст больше рабочих мест к следующему месяцу.
By then, you will have called someone else. К тому времени ты уже позвонишь кому-нибудь другому.
We will have found more on Saturday. Мы уже выясним больше в субботу.
He will have taken our bag. Он уже заберет нашу сумку.
We will have received the keys. Мы уже получим эти ключи.
She will have taken everything by tomorrow. Она уже возьмёт всё до завтра.
You will have received the computers by Thursday. Вы уже получите компьютеры к четвергу.
She will have taken the shoes off before going to sleep. Она снимет туфли прежде чем идти спать.
My brother will have returned from the war. Мой брат уже вернется с войны.
He will have chosen this box. Он уже выберет эту коробку.
We will have died without your help. Мы уже погибнем без твоей помощи.
She will have taken the shoes off before going to sleep.
The animal will have died without water. Это животное уже погибнет без воды.
She will have decided to sleep. Она решит спать.
She will have taken everything by tomorrow. Она уже заберет всё до завтра.

Here are five dollars. Вот пять долларов.
Is there a doctor on board?
How could I know? Как я