Hey Danny, since I’m committed to taking the break, I kind of wanted to relay my own personal feedback after being champion and my various experiences, and I want to be blunt about it so that maybe you can adapt for future champions and because I care about this place. I’ve been on so many different roleplay forums with shitty degenerate people, with shitty highhanded administrators that enforce shitty rules that this place felt like a real haven, like it’s too good to be true almost.

I think first and foremost, I need to be honest, I felt like Cesaro was this glorified punching bag when he was champion. If you think that I’ve lost a match, don’t get me wrong I totally understand, and I also don’t have a problem with taking one for the ‘team’ every so often in storylines. But, it felt that basically every week Cesaro was looking bad in his storyline. I get using a champion’s status to further whoever their facing, but the main problem that I faced was that I didn’t feel welcome, that I didn’t deserve to be champion, and that I generally felt like I was nothing. I talked with Bronzy about it, and he felt the same way, so this isn’t really an isolated incident if I’m honest. The Champion of Champions feud I think was fine, a bit on the rough side at times, but I got through it. The Jericho feud was much worse I think; since week one, Cesaro looked like a total sucker while Jericho looked unstoppable on top of this 3 month unpinned streak that apparently he has. The icing on the cake would be if I lost legitimately, where I’d feel worse, like with Kendrick.

To pile it on, I felt like many of my efforts were to be in vain as well. For an example, as champion, I needed to consider the possibility that I might lose to Jericho, and what would be my next move after because it’s not like I can shake off looking bad the whole feud, so it was some added stress. And on top of that as well, my efforts might not matter in the end anyway, because Jacobs might swoop the belt from under me at any point. These are more circumstantial but still apply.

Maybe I sound a little overdramatic, but maybe it’s because I care. I think what I'm trying to say is, be more careful with your champions if at all possible. Although they are in reputable positions, to the person holding that belt, that belt can easily become just exactly what it is: just a belt with a fancy golden shine, and it leaves the champion feeling isolated when it feels like the walls are closing in on them.