				"DO YOU REMEMBER THE YANKEE CLIPPER?"
			    	  By Gabe Griffith & Roger Hallaway

A woman takes a lover home during the day while her husband is at work.

Her 9-year-old son comes home unexpectedly, sees them and hides in the bedroom closet to watch.
The woman's husband also comes home.
She puts her lover in the closet, not realizing that the little boy is also in there.

The little boy says, "Dark in here."

The man says, "Yes, it is."

The child whispers, "I have a baseball..."

"That's nice," responds the lover.

The little boy enquires brightly, "Wanna buy it?"

"I've got more than enough," responds the man, "but thanks."

The smiles, wrinkling his cheeks. "My dad's outside."

"Okay, how much?"

The little boy chirps, "$250."

In the next few weeks, it happens again that the boy and the lover are in the closet together.

The little boy says, "Dark in here."

The man says, "Yes, it is."

The child whispers, "I have a baseball glove."

The lover, remembering the last time, says, "How much?"

The little boy chirps, "$750."

"Sold."

A few days later, the dad says to the boy:
"Grab your glove, let's go outside and play a game of catch."

His son replies, "I can't Dad, I lost it."

"That's fine," his father says, "I'll get you another. You've grown since then, anyways."

					* * * * 

Five years pass.

The boy has now grown to become a young, rebellious teenager.
He and his father, however, have a strong relationship.
Bonded by baseball, decide to go to a Yankees game.

They get front-row tickets.
The game is beautiful. The Yankees are doing amazing.
It's bottom of the ninth, and the hour has gotten late. It's a wonderful New York night.
The game ends. The boy notices that the pitcher throws the game ball into the team's standby box.

Right before his father leaves for the car, he tugs on his shirt.
"Hold on one minute," pleads the boy, "I need to get something."
He scales the wall and sneaks into the box, grasping the game ball. He smiles.
It's dark, though. And he wants to get back up to his father.

But before he can, he spots him.
The Yankee Clipper.
Joltin' Joe.

It's a hot 1941 summer night in New York, and here, standing in front of him is the man himself, Joe DiMaggio.
Before he can say a word, he's quickly hushed.
Hushed, by a voice all too familiar. Joe begins to unzip his trousers and light up the box with a vile grin.

Joe, with a grinding smirk, remarks:
"Dark in here."

Many years pass. The boy's parents have been divorced for quite a while.

His mother is headed back from her nightly trip to the fabric store.
She is happily remarried, to a man of better financial standing than her ex-husband.

In a chance event, she runs into Joe DiMaggio on that busy Manhattan night.

"Oh, Mrs. Johnson," chuckles Joltin' Joe, "I hadn't expected to ever... see you again."

She smiles and tries to explain to him that she's had enough of him.
She tells him she's remarried, but he won't have it.

He still tries for her affections.
"Kathy, please," he begs, "You know that what we had was special."

She tells him not to call her Kathy.
He's aggravated at this point.

"Just take me, Mrs. Johnson. One last shot. Give big Joe a shot for old times' sake."
"My memories are dying, hon', I can't afford to lose a livin' one."

She begins to cry.

"Joe," she says, "I love you".

He kisses her, and it's beautiful. They hold each other in the moonlight.
He grins that shit-eating grin and bellows, "And I love you, Mrs. Johnson."

She nibbles on his lip and responds, "If wer're going to have an affair, you'll have to call me by my current surname."

Joe rolls his eyes, but plays along.

This makes her estatic.

"Alright, so Johnson is gone," he chuckles. "Give me a name, babe."
She smiles gently, and whispers:
"Mrs. Robinson."

					* * * * 

The boy has grown up and moved out of New York.

He has mentally repressed the DiMaggio incident.
Quite frankly, he doesn't remember it happening at all.

One day in San Francisco, he enters a knick-knack shop on a whim with $20 to spend.
The man behind the counter is an older fellow, but the glint in his eyes is somehow... familiar.

"Hey, it's you, kiddo!"

The boy squints confusedly.

"I was that guy from in the closet, remember?"

The boy remembers this part. He smiles at the memory.
"That's right," he whispers, "I remember you."

Joltin' Joe smiles softly.
"Remember sellin' me that glove and ball, kiddo?"

The kid's smile becomes a grin
"Of course," he laughs, "How could I forget?"

"Well, I'll tell you what. I'll let you have them back. For ol' time's sake."

The boy opens his mouth in excitement
He has kids of his own; he wants to pass on his favorite glove and ball
"That would be fantastic, Joe"

Joe smiles. "They're in the back room; come with me. The shelves are high, and my back's not what it used to be."

The kid follows Joltin' Joe to the back room.
There are endless rows and rows of shelves.
The kid suddenly hears the door slam behind him.
The lights flicker out.

He stumbles around and says, "Dark in here".
He hears a zipper unzip just ahead of him.
He can almost see the teeth of Joe's shit-eating grin as he bellows:
"Time for round two."

					THE END