In banishment, we have become The Children of Thanos, every bit as much as those who survived. We needed to be banned, just as they needed to survive. Many who are here were members of /r/thanosdidnothingwrong from the beginning. Just as many joined that day just to say they were there. In perfect balance, as all things should be.

However, as we dwell on the reality the has befallen us, the fact that we have been saved, we must contemplate our next actions. We must acknowledge the fact that Banos did nothing wrong. He was correct that the ways of /r/thanosdidnothingwrong were unsustainable. That sub grew weak. In its final days, it was nothing more than a karma farm. A land flooded with shitposts and overrun by karmawhores.

Do not take me wrong; shitposting is necessary, karmawhores are necessary, but when left unchecked they will tip the very balance of a sub. We must strive to keep things perfectly balanced, as all things should be. When a simple `༼ つ ◕_ ◕ ༽つ GIVE BAN ༼ つ ◕_ ◕ ༽つ` can reach thousands of upvotes it's clear the balance has been broken.

/r/thanosdidnothingwrong will continue to grow, and the shitposts will continue. It is already bigger now than it was before the snap was proposed. Meanwhile, to maintain balance we ask the mods to restrict the sub or even make it private. I agree with these requests. That is balance.  However, we must acknowledge that we are here /r/inthesoulstone for a reason. 

We have a responsibility, a duty to bring balance. When the ban is lifted, and we return to our old sub, if balance is to be achieved we must bring more than merely shitposts.

If we truly want a subreddit that cannot grow, then we must be prepared for that reality. It is the right choice, but it is the hard choice, and the hardest choices require the strongest wills.

If we truly want to bring balance to the subreddit, then we need to ask ourselves: What is the opposite of a shitpost? Because when the ban is lifted, it is our duty to bring whatever that is back to /r/thanosdidnothingwrong. That is the only way we can bring balance.