Our faction was reopened on November 14th 2017 which is almost a year in total of development. First of all the faction started of pretty neat with load of members and we were a generic street gang doing things that seemed fit at that time. Further into the development we made enemies with and had altercations with Carson Boulevard Crips which didn't really last long since they were shut down by us because we kidnapped their leader. Another key event was us losing member base and going down to as little as three members at one point but that didn't stop our development, me and JayJay carried through although I wanted to give up.

After a few months of being a street gang, we introduced a hierarchy system which made things a little more organised and took us deeper into the organised underworld. Shortly after doing that the member base inclined to around 12 members and we were back to normal, bringing genuine gang role play to Idlewood for a few months until we had altercation with the Grajales Familia and my Shotcaller character Roscoe Milburn was CK'd and then Shemar Ballentine(jayjay) took over as the leader of the faction and carried on with the development. 

After my character died, JayJay made multiple connections with other factions and began supplying other factions with whatever we had and kept everyone in check with the on-going events and problems we had with other factions, although not many want to stand against us since we're such a solid faction. Until an altercation with a Russian character lead to Shemar's  death and the faction was left with no leadership for a few weeks but people still maintained their activity regardless. Until Davion Watson took onto the leader ship with the faction and carried  after Shemar's death.

To this day, we are now supplying multiple factions with guns and ammo and narcotics, providing high quality roleplay to the community,since me and JayJay are back on new characters member base has solidified at one number and we have numerous loyal members. 
We also have numerous legal fronts/businesses such as Idlewood Ink and Outta Town Money which have both brought lots of quality role play for people and really helped our factions developement, we have numerous ideas which are yet to talked about and used in the server, such as a player ran Pawn Shop.