Have I been feeling unsafe, intimidated or threatened in this relationship?
No.

Have I been criticized, degraded or disrespected on a consistent basis?
No.

Have I been regularly interrogated about who I talk to, where I go, how much money I spend and related issues?
Yes.

Have I been walking on eggshells because I’m fearful or uncomfortable speaking my mind in this one-sided relationship?
No.

Does my partner always blame me or others for their problems or things that go wrong?
No.

Is my partner excessively possessive, calling or texting constantly, visiting expectantly to check up on me?
Yes.

Am I feeling “sucked in” to this relationship and can’t come up for air?
Yes.

Does my partner make me feel inadequate?
No.

How am I helping the other person grow in their life?
I think I might be hurting her growth.

How can I end this relationship without leaving doors open?
I'm not sure.

What did I learn from this relationship?
Don't say I love you early. Make sure you enjoy being great friends for an extended period of time first.

How did we grow from this relationship?
We were both part of more mature relationships.

How is this ending going to improve my life? The other person’s life?
I will have more time to pursue things I find interesting. She will have to grow to rely on herself more.

Does my partner keep their word or promises?
Sometimes yes, sometimes no.

Does my partner take responsibility?
Sometimes yes, often no.

Do I want them holding my hand on my death bed?
Not really.

Can my partner become financially responsible?
For her sake, I hope so.

Does this person make me happy or would I be happier by myself?
I think I would be happier by myself.

Have I asked for my needs to be met directly and respectfully or have I assumed my partner can take a hint?
Yes, without success.

Am I expecting my partner to be the only one who changes or have I cleaned up my side of the street?
I bend and bend and bend but it feels like she hasn't changed much.

What's the true motivation behind ending a relationship?
To be happier.

What am I missing?
The biggest thing I feel like I'm missing is the feeling that the time I spend with her is worth the sacrifices made. Just the time alone is too much, let alone money and driving.

Do I want to break things off because I don't want to move forward with them?
I don't want to marry someone that I am not currently happy with, on the hope that it will improve.

Am I interested in starting something with someone else?
No one in particular. Eventually, yes.

Am I being fair to them or am I stringing them along?
I might be stringing them along, because I've been feeling less and less optimistic about the long haul. But I've tried to back out multiple times in the past and been pulled back, so I don't think I'm being unfair.

Will this decision make me feel better about myself?
No.

Am I running away from facing my deep fears?
No.

Do we have the same values and goals for the future?
Yes and no. We both want success. Our visions of success differ. She wants more children than I do.

Am I just super pissed off right now or do I want to breakup for real?
I had a rough week after she spent every day staying at my apartment, but I don't think that qualifies as super pissed off. I've been thinking about this for months.

Does this person bring me joy?
When it's good, yes.

Will I regret this five years from now?
If I go through relationships with people who I like even less, yes.

Have I tried everything?
I feel that I have tried everything in my power. We've been through many different options and none of them actually felt good.

Am I ready to walk-away or am I going to end it and get back together?
I am ready to walk away. Even if I regret this down the line, I will stick to my guns and refuse to allow myself to come back.

Can I handle being single?
I can handle being single. I am weak to loneliness, but I have a strong network of friends.