Götze™Today at 01:00
How is the guide coming along?
For UNION/SPEAR.
In addition to the server rules you offered to do
ExodusToday at 01:01
It isn't. I'm out.
Götze™Today at 01:02
?
You're out?
ExodusToday at 01:02
Yeah.
Götze™Today at 01:02
?
Explain
ExodusToday at 01:03
I don't like the direction the server is going in, for reasons you've already heard.
Götze™Today at 01:03
Fuck sake exo
why didnt you tell me earlier
now i have to come to you to hear this, the server is going in a good direction
ExodusToday at 01:04
I've been literally telling you my opinions since day one, but you didn't want to hear them.
I don't think the server is going in a direction, and clearly neither does Caine
If I want to spend my full time on a server, I want it to be a server that I can support the decisions of.
I've had to clear up people's reputations for too long, in turn damaging my own and i'm not doing it anymore.
At the moment I have no reason to stay, no incentive no motivation nothing.
Götze™Today at 01:07
man you LITERALLY asked for all this shit
and i gave it
SA
A HC position in the MPF
you even wanted staff manager like come fucking on, i have listened
yet you didnt even bother to say you quit
ExodusToday at 01:08
SA and HC position I would have been absolutely fine with. If that was backed by a good server direction
I joined to rebuild Providence. Not rebuild UWG.
Götze™Today at 01:08
we ARE NOT making uwg
sSTOP going on about them
ExodusToday at 01:09
UWG UCP handbook
UWG staff roster
UWG factions
Götze™Today at 01:09
i said you can make ur custom handbook
THEY ARENT UWG FACTIONS
COME ON EXO
ExodusToday at 01:09
It's not my fucking job to make a faction for PN
I'm IC lead
Not OOC lead
Götze™Today at 01:09
what OTHER ideas for staff do you have
what others ideas
who else
who
tell me
all the PG people split in 7 directions
ExodusToday at 01:09
Do you wonder WHY, colin?
Götze™Today at 01:10
I know completely why
they left the gamemode
or went to EJ
ExodusToday at 01:10
Do you know what pushed them off of the gamemode?
Any idea?
Götze™Today at 01:10
the bad state of the server
ExodusToday at 01:10
Exactly colin
You know what else?
Not being listened to
Götze™Today at 01:10
i AM listening
what cant you UNDERSTAND?!
look at announcements
jesus christ
we ARE listening
if i were remaking UWG, I'd have done the same shit they did in terms of factions. I asked mostly PG people what to do for LORE, and this is it. it's custom, nothing at all to do with UWG
Same things for factions
and as for staff, we didnt have any other good options, come ON. I listened so much, and the server is getting support from many corners of the HL2RP community.
ExodusToday at 01:12
I'm not gonna sit here and argue with you Colin, i've done enough fighting over this damn game mode
It's not worth it, I knew when to pull the plug on DarkRP and I know when to pull on the plug for HL2
When risk outweighs reward then why do it?
i'm slowly running out of time until I have to start actually living life, and i'm not gonna waste the few hours, days and weeks sat on a sinking ship
Hl2 servers are a roller coaster, and in the game, and gamemode's current state it's just straight up and a straight decent into shit.