i will wade out
                        till my thighs are steeped in burning flowers
I will take the sun in my mouth
and leap into the ripe air
                                       Alive
                                                 with closed eyes
to dash against darkness
Humanity i love you
because you would rather black the boots of
success than enquire whose soul dangles from his
watch-chain which would be embarrassing for both

parties and because you
unflinchingly applaud all
songs containing the words country home and
mother when sung at the old howard

Humanity i love you because
when you’re hard up you pawn your
intelligence to buy a drink and when
you’re flush pride keeps

you from the pawn shop and
because you are continually committing
nuisances but more
especially in your own house

Humanity i love you because you
are perpetually putting the secret of
life in your pants and forgetting
it’s there and sitting down

on it
and because you are
forever making poems in the lap
of death Humanity

i hate you
If freckles were lovely, and day was night,
And measles were nice and a lie warn’t a lie,
Life would be delight,—
But things couldn’t go right
For in such a sad plight
I wouldn’t be I.
somewhere i have never travelled, gladly beyond
any experience,your eyes have their silence:
in your most frail gesture are things which enclose me,
or which i cannot touch because they are too near

your slightest look easily will unclose me
though i have closed myself as fingers,
you open always petal by petal myself as Spring opens
(touching skilfully, mysteriously)her first rose

or if your wish be to close me, i and
my life will shut very beautifully ,suddenly,
as when the heart of this flower imagines
the snow carefully everywhere descending;

nothing which we are to perceive in this world equals
the power of your intense fragility: whose texture
compels me with the color of its countries,
rendering death and forever with each breathing

(i do not know what it is about you that closes
and opens; only something in me understands
the voice of your eyes is deeper than all roses)
nobody, not even the rain, has such small hands

i have found what you are like
the rain,

            (Who feathers frightened fields
with the superior dust-of-sleep. wields

easily the pale club of the wind
and swirled justly souls of flower strike

the air in utterable coolness

deeds of green thrilling light
                                  with thinned

new fragile yellows

                      lurch and.press

—in the woods
                      which
                              stutter
                                        and

                                              sing
And the coolness of your smile is
stirring of birds between my arms; but
i should rather than anything
have (almost when hugeness will shut
quietly) almost,
                  your kiss
my love
thy hair is one kingdom
  the king whereof is darkness
thy forehead is a flight of flowers

thy head is a quick forest
  filled with sleeping birds
thy breasts are swarms of white bees
  upon the bough of thy body
thy body to me is April
in whose armpits is the approach of spring

thy thighs are white horses yoked to a chariot
  of kings
they are the striking of a good minstrel
between them is always a pleasant song

my love
thy head is a casket
  of the cool jewel of thy mind
the hair of thy head is one warrior
  innocent of defeat
thy hair upon thy shoulders is an army
  with victory and with trumpets

thy legs are the trees of dreaming
whose fruit is the very eatage of forgetfulness

thy lips are satraps in scarlet
  in whose kiss is the combinings of kings
thy wrists
are holy
  which are the keepers of the keys of thy blood
thy feet upon thy ankles are flowers in vases
  of silver

in thy beauty is the dilemma of flutes

  thy eyes are the betrayal
of bells comprehended through incense


pity this busy monster, manunkind,

not. Progress is a comfortable disease:
your victim (death and life safely beyond)

plays with the bigness of his littleness
--- electrons deify one razorblade
into a mountainrange; lenses extend
unwish through curving where when till unwish
returns on its unself.
A world of made
is not a world of born --- pity poor flesh and trees, poor stars and stones, but never this
fine specimen of hypermagical
ultraomnipotence. We doctors know

a hopeless case if --- listen: there's a hell
of a good universe next door; let's go







    A noiseless patient spider,
    I mark’d where on a little promontory it stood isolated,
    Mark’d how to explore the vacant vast surrounding,
    It launch’d forth filament, filament, filament, out of itself,
    Ever unreeling them, ever tirelessly speeding them.

    And you O my soul where you stand,
    Surrounded, detached, in measureless oceans of space,…….
    Till the bridge you will need be form’d, till the ductile anchor hold,
    Till the gossamer thread you fling catch somewhere, O my soul.



Barely tolerated, living on the margin
In our technological society, we were always having to be rescued
On the brink of destruction, like heroines in Orlando Furioso
Before it was time to start all over again.
There would be thunder in the bushes, a rustling of coils,…….
The whole thing might not, in the end, be the only solution……..
Came plowing down the course, just to make sure everything was O.K.…
About how to receive this latest piece of information.


Come slowly, Eden
Lips unused to thee.
Bashful, sip thy jasmines,
As the fainting bee,
Reaching late his flower,
Round her chamber hums,
Counts his nectars—alights,
And is lost in balms!



    Like a skein of loose silk blown against a wall
    She walks by the railing of a path in Kensington Gardens,
    And she is dying piece-meal
    of a sort of emotional anemia.

    And round about there is a rabble
    Of the filthy, sturdy, unkillable infants of the very poor.
    They shall inherit the earth.

    In her is the end of breeding.
    Her boredom is exquisite and excessive…..
    will commit that indiscretion.


Mountains reach up through clouds
Half way between Earth and heaven
To grow slower over vast tracks of time  
              
Rocks seek snowflakes coming down                                                     
They pray to them from atmospheres
To bring them home together
One by one forever

Down to size where they belong
Catch them before they go wrong
Lost in clouds forever melted

Mountains feel the light
Waters flowing over them
Rivers churning to the valley down

Snow flakes go through children fingers
Play before they slip away in flight to land
On sleepy pine trees by the timber line

Like holy host frozen on the tongue
Caught among the faithfuls hunger 
Lost in deeper meanings melting souls 
                  
Heaven is a place to gather souls
So vast and wide just above the tundra
Snow mounds fold into the mountains
Drifting, once elevated at that height
Falling all too far from grace
                                               
Small fragile bodies drift apart for now 
They will come again together one by one
Bring us to our senses where we belong
                                                                                
Like the One who came before 
Will come again once more 
Cold stands alone forsaken for the moment

Before and after are the same in heaven
The finest particles are formed atomic
The final work on every molecule occurs    
Solids, concepts, pure thoughts dwell
His name etched on every cell
The final word is spoken  
   

Life has no physical form or shape. Life is an essence we all calculate
A motionless moment which exists within a timeline. 
A timeline created by humanity. The race of a special species called human beings. Everything exists within time a given moment. 
A particular numerical moment existing in methodical order. 
Everything occurs within an illusion of beauty. 
The time we all try to pursue with excessive speed. 
When we push into unexpected situations, historical events within life changes within an unexpected manner.
Only humans have the power to change their timeline events. 
 Events which occur in proper order. 


As a young man walks
	To meet a past
		So vague a reflection
	Seasons pass and flowers bloom
	On the search for
		Spiritual animals in the woods


Life is just a  fantasy 
A wordplay of ingenuity
A masquerade for souls to play
A dream to live another day
A nightmare we create as well
A magic wand to cast a spell
A mystery that no man can tell
Where demons roam and angels dwell
Get your tickets in advance
In hell, wil be a devil's dance
In heaven, you can relax on the beach
It's all inclusive, come and have a treat
Life is just a fantasy



Love is Lacey things and beauty cares.
A touch of infatuation at the fringes and always shared
A simple kiss on the cheek.
Washing her feet at the creek.

Love is blueberry stains on sofas and chairs.
And TINY TOTS RUN AROUND safe and sound.
Love is never a tarnished gray, an African violet 
On the best of days

Gentle laughter and smooth in June
Never comes to soon.
That day.
Sensual yet delicate and refined.

Love is hearing "YES" after your down on one knee.
It's watching him walk or listening to her talk.
Always filled with actions of passions, with
Little exaggerated fashions.

What a luscious melody from the heart straight from 
The start. 
 Beautiful when it's real  but here's the deal.
It's sometimes crazy with plenty of zest and zeal.
Love is alive, it bleeds eroticism and bathes in sensuality.

Its pulling her close then closer.
It's letting him have his space
A whisper in the air
A stroking of the hair.
