You're now chatting with a random stranger. Say hi!

You both like BakuDeku, and tododeku.

Stranger: [Fantasy Au, Prince Shouto/ Izuku can be anything] Being in the strongest and most disliked royal family was frustrating. Being next in line to be king was more frustrating. Shouto was always being guarded, watched. When he wasn’t he was training with his father or someone of the castle staff who was told to train him. As he got older, training got more intense and harsh. He was old enough to be wed off. Before his father could do so he finally ran away. He finally took a horse and what he could and fled. It was nearly a week before he was unconscious, sitting under a tree. He looked tired and stressed, suffering from a head injury. His horse was long gone.

You: "If you get us all killed, I'll fucking kill you," had been his rather abrasive best friend's empty threat. Naturally Uraraka had pointed out the nonsensical threat for what it had been, which had only escalated Bakugou's latest ranting war path, but Midoriya knew the both of them were speaking with good intention. For the most part. He was mostly sure that this had been Bakugou's usual hyperbolic bravado, but it had been recent enough that Midoriya thought twice before bringing a well dressed stranger home with him to nurse back to health again.
In Midoriya's defense, he was hardly going to improve his skills as a healer without anyone around who needed healing. On the other hand, Bakugou wasn't wrong for pointing out the danger in his somewhat ambitiously driven altruisim. After all, magic was, of course, illegal. Nonetheless, even were Midoriya aware of who he'd stumbled upon alone in the woods, he couldn't honestly claim he'd have wisely left Todoroki alone. "Can you stand?" Midoriya whispered, crouching low and gently rousing Todoroki with a tap to his shoulder. "There are bandits near these roads.," he grimaced at sheepish reminder of Bakugou's latest lectures. "Yeah we... really shouldn't take care of your head right by the road like this. Are you able to walk?"

You: ((sorry i got wordy idc how long you reply with whoops this is what happens when i'm procrastinating homework asdfghjkl;))

Stranger: ((sakjdhdkjf a solid mood, youre good lmao))

You: ((ty fam ;u;))

Stranger: ((np mate))

Stranger: Todoroki blinked a few times, hissing slightly as the harsh sun filled his vision. The sun was setting but it happened to be right in his eyes. "Wha..." He started. Everything was fuzzy and his head hurt. There was something on his face he went to wipe off. Dried blood. Oh yeah. The stranger's voice felt muffled and far away, but the more he listened and tried to look around the more he could piece together. He hit the others hand away, worried they wanted to take him back to the castle for some sort of reward. He honestly wasn't listening wasn't listening too well. "I don't need help, I'm fine." He snapped, trying to get u but falling almost immediately. It had been a few days since he ate or slept decently. He groaned and put a hand to his head. "You can't make me go back there...." He growled slightly as he talked despite being so injured.

You: The strange was well dressed, with well made clothing to boot. Any alterations weren't done by a hand sloppy enough for Midoriya to catch light of them, so this outfit wasn't stolen. It was made for this guy. This guy who probably was some rich lord or lady's son.
"Where is..." Midoriya frowned. "I was going to ask where his horse was, but I don't know that he had a horse to begin with," he muttered aloud. "Although his shoes are pretty banged up they don't look like they've been through winter yet, so he can't be all that used to going far on foot, right? And we're miles in the wrong direction from any of the big towns,so I thought he should have a horse ...unless he fell off a wagon or something? But then if he fell off a wagon then a guy with a shirt like this would have people looking all over for him so he couldn't have just fallen off, unless they were over taken by bandits? But if they were just separated like that then he wouldn't be all worried about going back, unless he was were worried I'd take him back to the bandits?" Midoriya pulled back, looking down at his plain clothing. "Do I look like a bandit to people? I can't look like a bandit, could I? How do you convince someone you're not a bandit?"

You: *stranger

Stranger: He paused a little, hearing all those questions. He wondered if he was really far enough that people wouldn't recognise him. He sighed shakily and decided to risk everything. "S-sorry....I mistook you all for some other people... I can probably walk." He forced himself up, wobbling slightly from side to side where he stood. "I came by horse. During the thunderstorm two nights ago, it got scared. Bucked me off and down a cliff." He shrugged, trying to just stand upright. "We don't get many thunderstorms where I'm from." He explained with a small sigh. He felt so close to just collapsing again. He knew magic was allowed to people of royal status but he didn't want them to know he was a prince. "I'm completely unarmed. My sword was sold off a long time ago." He did have his magic if he felt too threatened though. In fact, he wanted to avoid letting anyone touch him. He was probably ice cold at the moment, as his magic tended to affect his body temperature based on his mood. ((Hey its late here and im afraid im gonna fall asleep on ya, i got a discord if you wanna continue there later in case i do crash, if not that cool too))

You: ((i'm not at my pc right now but i can tag your discord till i'm able to be? what's your discord? i'll tag you if we lose connection for now?))

Stranger: (( MasonSkoasti#1730 ))

Stranger: ((I can send you a request if you know yours by chance))

You: ((no idea what my number is, sorry!))

Stranger: ((ah, alrighty))

You: ((are you good to continue for a bit, or would you rather go to bed? either is fine btws!!))

Stranger: (((I should go to bed but i also want to continue lmao))

Stranger: ((I think im gonna head to bed, im really sorry))

Stranger: ((I'll save the log for when you add me on discord too))

You: ((hey no probs! i'll tag you so if we run into each other again that's awesome and otherwise i'll try to remember to add you to my discord. as a word of warning we are highkey in the middle of exams and rehearsals rn so i'm sorry in advance if i have shotty attendance to our rping))

Stranger: ((You're good! So should I add my discord to my tags too?))

Stranger: ((Good luck on exams btw))

You: ((yeah always a good idea :D and ty!))

Stranger: ((Np))

You: ((awesome! sweet dreams buddy!))

Stranger: ((Thanks, goodnight to you too!))

Stranger has disconnected.