
Glasseschan added Nascar to the group.Yesterday at 4:10 PM
Glasseschan added Zirk! to the group.Yesterday at 4:10 PM
Glasseschan changed the channel name: GreenSkyDragon interviewYesterday at 4:11 PM
Glasseschan - Yesterday at 4:12 PM
Hi! So, I'm probably going to take the role of main interviewer this time, and Nascar and Zirk will ask their questions when they have the time to do so.
GreenSkyDragon - Yesterday at 4:12 PM
Kk
Glasseschan - Yesterday at 4:13 PM
Did Nascar tell you about the Position A and Position B?
GreenSkyDragon - Yesterday at 4:13 PM
No, the only position that's been mentioned was running Frontier leagues with Phooey
Nascar - Yesterday at 4:14 PM
Hi, @Glasseschan
Hi, @GreenSkyDragon
Glasseschan - Yesterday at 4:14 PM
Yeah okay, that makes sense
lets not get there yet
though
GreenSkyDragon - Yesterday at 4:14 PM
Hello @Nascar
Glasseschan - Yesterday at 4:14 PM
Can you tell me a bit about yourself? How would you introduce yourself to a person who knows nothing about you
GreenSkyDragon - Yesterday at 4:17 PM
Hmm. Well, I graduated ~this~ May '17 with a Computer Engineering degree, minored in Creative Writing, and currently teach English as a second language in China. Born and raised in the Hoosier state, first time leaving the country was the plane trip to China
Hmm. Well, I graduated ~this~ May '17 with a Computer Engineering degree, minored in Creative Writing, and currently teach English as a second language in China. Born and raised in the Hoosier state, first time leaving the country was the plane trip to China
My internet might be crashing, one sec
Sorry
Glasseschan - Yesterday at 4:19 PM
alright
GreenSkyDragon - Yesterday at 4:19 PM
Should be good now, restarted discord
Glasseschan - Yesterday at 4:20 PM
okay, lets continue then
how long are you planning to teach in China?
asking this because we are looking to have people do stuff preferably long-term, and stable life usually helps in that
GreenSkyDragon - Yesterday at 4:22 PM
I just signed another 1 yr contract, so I'll be here until at least Dec 19. Beyond that, I'm not sure, I'm taking it one year at a time at this point
I just signed another 1 yr contract, so I'll be here until at least Dec 19. Beyond that, I'm not sure, I'm taking it one year at a time at this point
If I stopped teaching in China, I'd most likely be heading back to the States
Glasseschan - Yesterday at 4:24 PM
haha yea I cant really ask your future plans any more than this if i take into the account the fact that I dont exactly know what I will be doing after spring 2019
but yeah, so what skills you have that could help us? What type of stuff you can do when you have graduated with Computer Engineering degree?
GreenSkyDragon - Yesterday at 4:28 PM
I'm not sure how much my degree would help, I focused in network engineering (but more like on site IT than anything super fancy) and autonomous vehicle robotics. I have had experience with helping manage online communities and user mentoring, I served as a moderator for a young writers' website for over a year and a mentor in their volunteer mentoring program for I'm not sure how long, I was project manager for several projects in uni, and I try to help and solve problems as best I can
Glasseschan - Yesterday at 4:30 PM
yeah the degree question was only because I just didnt exactly know what kind of stuff people with Computer Engineering degrees do.
What kind of projects you were the manager of in Uni? were the other people working on those projects students?
GreenSkyDragon - Yesterday at 4:35 PM
Generally yeah. Lots of different engineering and programming projects, the two most interesting ones being a low space module (weather balloon with a GoPro and tracker in a payload box), and the camera and optical software for the autonomous vehicle the senior engineering students worked on. I also led a group on the writing website dedicated to making sure new works got reviews and constructive feedback in a timely fashion for around a year and a half(edited)
Glasseschan - Yesterday at 4:37 PM
Do you see yourself naturally take the position of the leader in projects? Do you prefer to lead or have someone else lead you? Do you like solving problems? Do you prefer difficult tasks or easy tasks?
GreenSkyDragon - Yesterday at 4:40 PM
I "fill," so if I need to lead I do, but if someone is better equipped or already in the leadership position I'm more than happy to take a supporting role. Additionally, no one knows everything, and even leaders need help, assistance, and advice to get things done. As far as problem solving, I generally enjoy it, but it depends on the kind of problem (I saw enough of the higher math getting through my degree, thank you ;P ). Easy tasks are nice because they get completed sooner, but I'll do difficult tasks when they need to be done
Glasseschan - Yesterday at 4:42 PM
Do you feel like you get easily motivated?
GreenSkyDragon - Yesterday at 4:43 PM
I can usually motivate myself when I need to, I've been a mostly responsible adult so far XD
Glasseschan - Yesterday at 4:44 PM
:thumbsup: shit you are already more qualified than I am haha
What would be the tasks that interest you in UOL? What do you want to work with if we choose you?
(I didnt list the tasks yet on purpose , I wanna ask this question before and after telling you all the stuff we work with)(edited)
GreenSkyDragon - Yesterday at 4:47 PM
Well, the behind the scenes stuff I don't see or know about I can't speak to, but definitely league admin, organizing, pairings, lists archiving, etc., especially since I'm already hanging around them natuarlly
Glasseschan - Yesterday at 4:49 PM
yeah the stuff we are doing are: league organizing, community organizing and content production as the biggest things
Do you still feel like work with leagues is the most interesting one to you?
GreenSkyDragon - Yesterday at 4:50 PM
Modern content production would be amazing
(since I don't really know the other formats that well lol)
Glasseschan - Yesterday at 4:51 PM
haha
Content production would probably mean stuff like articles and possibly youtube videos. We haven't organized a lot for modern, since modern is a format with a ton of content already, so the content production is more competive. We have had easier time with Frontier since it has been pretty easy to be the exclusive content creation hub online for that haha. Usually when we have done content for modern it has been important to "shill" the league, since that is the one thing we do for modern that not a lot of other places do for free. (and mtgo interface looks so outdated compared to untap).
Also
Position A
•  1. Lead, in conjunction with the Community Organizer, the development of our competitive leagues.
•  2. Schedule all UOL events and leagues.
•  3. Ensure League Organizers maintain high standards of social responsibility and communicate effectively with all participants and stakeholders.
Position B
•  1. Lead, in conjunction with the Lead Admin, your League or event. This includes managing sign ups, pairings and resolving any conflicts.
•  2. Communicate effectively with league participants to understand their wants and needs.
•  3. Promote the league on social media and Twitch.
these are the positions I talked about previously
if you had to choose from these positions, which one would you choose
GreenSkyDragon - Yesterday at 5:01 PM
Position B. It's more hands-on focused
Glasseschan - Yesterday at 5:05 PM
what is your opinion on streaming? could you see yourself organize streams for the league feature matches?
GreenSkyDragon - Yesterday at 5:06 PM
I love streaming. I only stopped streaming myself because I moved across the Pacific and the internet is occasionally unusable. I could definitely see coordinating a stream, although I don't know if I'd be able to be the actual streamer
Glasseschan - Yesterday at 5:08 PM
How would you rate your organizational skills? Could you work with scheduling even with people all over the globe with different kinds of timezones?
GreenSkyDragon - Yesterday at 5:10 PM
I've been able to coordinate with both US and EU-based people for several leagues across several months (not just Untap leagues), and I'd say my organizational skills are fairly good
Nascar - Yesterday at 5:12 PM
That's good, @GreenSkyDragon. Being well organized is important when you're running a league.
Alright, let's look at the role again:
•  1. Lead, in conjunction with the Lead Admin, your League or event. This includes managing sign ups, pairings and resolving any conflicts.
•  2. Communicate effectively with league participants to understand their wants and needs.
•  3. Promote the league on social media and Twitch.
What do you think makes you a good fit for this position? Thinking about this specific role, what aspects do you think would be the biggest challenge for you?
GreenSkyDragon - Yesterday at 5:18 PM
Organizing a league and pairings and such are all straight-forward tasks (although getting people to play/report matches properly and on time isn't always lol), and I'm fairly confident in my ability to manage that. I'm a good  communicator, especially in written form because I've been writing for a long time and I developed my skills in it (it also doesn't take much communication skills to mass ping people who need to finish matches, from the REEEEEEEEEES that happen in leagues a lot XD)
Nascar - Yesterday at 5:18 PM
lol
GreenSkyDragon - Yesterday at 5:19 PM
I think the biggest thing I'd struggle with would be resolving conflicts that are basically one user's word vs another, and I'd definitely ask others opinion on it. Each situation is case and context specific, so there's no real "blanket answer" that solves all the problems that may come up
Nascar - Yesterday at 5:20 PM
Yeah, those can definitely be challenging. We do our best to create league-wide rules which we update as