Alexithymiaa: -Noah trudged up the stairs with his gym bag over his shoulder and his skates knotted together by the laces and hanging from his fingers. Shoving his key into the door, he pushed his way into the house, dropping his bag and his skates down with a loud thud before heading off into the kitchen with his empty water bottle to get another drink after practice. // Adam was sitting at the kitchen table with his book settled on the table in front of him, his eyes turned down into it completely enveloped in his story. When he heard the front door open and Noah's loud commotion coming into the house, he let out a small sigh and stuck his finger in his page, turning to look at him. "Everything alright?"-
Alexithymiaa: (Yeah Noah is kind of a douche.)
Alexithymiaa: (But he bakes cupcakes so its okay)
Covet: Tae was in her room semi - blasting her music, dancing about, and sending snapchat clips of herself to Colin, and posting some to her story. She'd been drinking cheap ass box wine and had gotten herself some weed, because she was basically self medicating with all her vices because she was upset and dramatic like that.
Musik: -Lydia parked her car rolling her eyes sitting back in the seat.- "Pops I'm here! I have to go. Yes I'm hanging up on you. I love youuuuu! Bye Pop!" -She hit the button on the screen and shut the car off. She hooked her arm through her bag and looked down at her key she had yet to put on her key ring. She walked up to the door and put her key in pushing the door open. She pushed the door shut and looked around the house.- "Home sweet home." -She said with a smile. She heard other voices and followed them into the kitchen.- "Hello!" -She smiled at the two guys and smiled at them.-
Alexithymiaa: "Yeah. Intense practice." Noah said as he shoved his water bottle under the sink, filling it with water until he heard the sounds of a female voice that he didn't recognize. Glancing over his shoulder, he quickly evaluated the brunette from top to bottom, sending her a nod. "Hey." // "Sometimes that's nice." He said to Noah, casually looking back down into his book despite knowing he wasnt actually going to start reading it again. When Lydia came in, he looked up again, sending her a warm smile. "Hi. Can we help you find someone?"-
Covet: Tae's wine glass was empty and she frowned. She picked it up and headed out to the kitchen not expecting to see the crowd of people out there. "Oh wow, Hi." She said with a glassy eyed, sway as she waved, then continued into the kitchen. "Hey, if I called in some pizza, would you all want some?" She asked munchies hitting her hard too.
Musik: -She laughed and shook her head.- "Oh no Silly. I live here. I just moved in. Well...Kinda. My stuff doesn't show up till tomorrow." -She said turning to look at the female that had walked in.- "Hello!"
Alexithymiaa: "You live here now?" Noah asked, perking up a bit at the idea of another chick living in the house. "Cool." When Tae asked about ordering pizza, he just shrugged her off without answering. // "Well welcome to the off campus house, then. I'm assuming your bedroom is downstairs since those are the only available rooms." Adam said a bit warmer, trying to be friendly to the new student. "If you're going to order pizza, I can throw you some money."-
Covet: "Wait, You're moving in here? Thank god another girl. Balance out all this testosterone." She said scrunching up her nose, glancing at Noah, her look was confused with disgust becauswe he was all sweaty and what not, but also interest because he was all sweaty and what not. "Sure, That'd be cool. And New chick doesn't have to pitch in, because it's like a housewarming thing." She said, then got into the fridge to get herself some more wine.
Musik: "I do!" -She smiled.- "I'm Lydia. Lydia Baker." -She said and shook her head holding up her hand.- "Oh you don't have to do that! I can pitch in. How much is pizza here?" -She asked as she pulled out her wallet looking between the three of them.-
Alexithymiaa: "Don't be ridiculous, I'm sure between the three of us we can cover your pizza for the night." Noah said, shooting a look at Tae because he was intentionally trying to be extra nice to Lydia to get in Tae's face. // "It's nice to meet you Lydia, I'm Adam. And like they said, consider it a housewarming present so we can take some time to get to know you." Typical Adam.-
Covet: "There's wine too, if you want to get yourself a glass." Tae said with a smile, holding up her glass tipping it back. "Nope..I said you don't have to pay." She said with a laugh, not even phased by Noah's extra niceness. "Okay so then next question, what do we want. I don't know about you Lydia, I'm a meat lover kind of girl also my name is Tae Cohen."
Musik: -Lydia stood there a little shocked, cause people were nicer here than they were in New York.- "Uhh..Okay! Well thank you guys." -She said shoving her wallet back down into her purse. She pulled a chair out and sat down, crossing one leg over the other.- "Oh I'm not picky. I'll eat just about anything." -She said with a smile.- // -Luna walked up to the door checking to see if it was locked before knocking. She realized it was and just walked inside.- "LyLy!" -She shouted walking further into the house her heels clacking against the floor. She seen them in kitchen and crossed her arms as she got closer to Lydia.- "Ma's about to hop on a plane to come here and whoop your ass cause you're not answering."
Alexithymiaa: -Noah tipped his water up to his mouth to take a long drink before setting the bottle down on the counter. "Yeah, I have soda too if you want. In the fridge." He added, looking over at Tae again before making his way to the table to sit down next to Lydia. "Yeah same, I'll eat just about anything." And then he proceeded to try to keep a straight face. Hearing another voice, he twisted in his seat. "What's with the parade?" // "Whatever you're ordering is fine, Tae. I don't think anyone is too choosy." Adam said with a smile. When Luna came in, he raised his brows because WHO WERE ALL OF THESE PEOPLE.-
Covet: Tae threw up her hands, "Woo looks like we're having a small house party." She said, then walked to her room, swaying about as she went to get her phone so that she could get the pizza ordered in via the app on her phone. She came back out, her wine glass attached to her hand, as she looked at the new chick who was here, "Wait, are you joining us for pizza too?"
Musik: -Lydia's eyes grew when she heard her sisters voice.- "H...You can't just walk in here!" -She said turning around quickly.- "No! She's not." -She shook her head quickly looking at Tae.- // -Luna rolled her eyes at her sister.- "I mean the door was unlocked so..." -She shrugged and blew a bubble with her gum, turning to look at the three of them, popping the bubble loudly.- "Nah I'm good. Thanks though. Our parents just forced me to do a house call." -She said looking down at Lydia.- "You think I wanted to come here?" -She laughed and pushed her tight curls out of her face.- "Please. Only reason I'm here is cause dad almost canceled my check for my apartment."
Alexithymiaa: -His eyes took in Luna, stopping at her chest to linger there for a minute longer than was necessary, crossing his arms over his chest. "Well you're still welcome to eat with us if you want. The more the merrier." // Adam cast a glance at Noah because he was being super nice and that was weird of him. "I guess y'all are related?" Adam asked gently, looking between the two.-
Covet: "Okay then just three pizzas for the rest of us." She said going back to her phone to get A meat lovers, a taco pizza and just a plain cheese one. "She looked up to see Noah oggling this other girl who'd come in, then scoffed at him, "She already said she didn't want to come here, so I doubt she's going to stay for food, let alone your drooling puppydog face." She said getting sassy with him.
Musik: -Lydia sighed and rubbed her forehead before turning to look at them with a smile on her face.- "Guys this is Luna..My older sister." -She turned back around and looked at her.- "No please. Stay and eat with us. We're new, and it's so hard for new girls to make friends!" // -Luna looked over at Adam to speak as Lydia did, she just closed her mouth and looked at Tae, then Noah. She rolled her eyes slightly and looked back to Lydia with a smirk.- "Well since you insist! But I won't eat. I just ate at a little cafe in town."
Alexithymiaa: "You're the one drooling over having another chick in the house, not me." He shot back at Tae defensively, leaning back in his chair. "Oh the Depot Cafe? That place is the best in town." // Adam kind of just sat there awkwardly, a little overwhelmed with all the chatter going on. "It's nice to meet you Luna. We're always warm and welcoming here if you're looking for some company."-
Covet: "I don't even like chicks like that, stupid." Tae said rolling her eyes, "Yeah, it's got the best desserts too." She said then looked at Luna and Lydia, "Would either of you like a drink?" She asked them, then looked at Noah and Adam. "I just used my card for the pizza so you can just give me the cash for dinner."
Musik: -Lydia forced herself to keep a smile on her face and moved to sit back down, stumbling slightly when Luna sat there first bumping her out of the way. She looked at Tae and pointed towards the kitchen.- "Uh..I can get it! Where are the cups at?" -She asked walking into the kitchen.- // -Luna sat down running her hands back through her curls loosely cause damn curls, looking around spotting wine.- "Oh sure, I'll take some of that!" -She looked at the guys.- "Oh I was so full I couldn't eat the desert. Besides, too many carbs in one sitting is terrible."
Alexithymiaa: "Yeah, I'll give you cash later." He said to Tae dismissively, trying to pay attention to Luna purely to be obnoxious. "It's not if you work it off afterwards. And there are plenty of fun ways to