I am a Xaela born from the Borlaaq, a tribe of all females. Although breeding with men from other tribes is customary, they will not raise any male offspring past it's first year. That must be the reason why my birth mother abandoned me. So I was left on the outskirts of a camp set up by the Mol people, where a young woman discovered me while shepherding in the night. Her name was Alun and she lived with her older brother Ozbeg. She brought me home and begged that he allowed her to keep me. 
"The infant has no one else! Please brother I will never ask for anything but this." 
Ozbeg looked on to the baby with utter disdain. 
"That thing might be small now, but it will eat us out of house and home! If you put up this child I will not be it's father, feed him from the labor of your own two hands."
And with tears in her eyes Alun hugged her elder brother and raised me for a time. Her song, a distant lullaby, is the only memory I can conjure besides her face. My mother died of a side sickness that could not be cured by any magic. From then on my uncle made me steal and scavenge to keep him fed because she was so longer there to provide for either of us. Ozbeg used to beat me even when I did manage to bring home meat, it was never enough to satisfy his hunger.

Years had gone by and I had become a capable thief. I had escaped my uncle and I found a great opportunity in pillaging the market at the pier for exotic fruits and meat. But one day I saw him come to dock on an impressive galleon with sails of purple silk. It belonged to Sinbad the sailor and he brought incredible treasures from across distant lands. Any artifact aboard could be sold to have me living comfortable for a year so I took my chance at a gaudy necklace but when my skin touched the cursed treasure my vision went dark and I couldn't see. I dropped my prize but I was atill blind, and ran straight into Sinbad who laughed at me. He lead me into his seaside villa and took me to an alchemist that mixed an enchanted bottle of eyedrops to restore my vision. But it would take a month of daily administration to work completely. I had to pay off my treatment, Sinbad had told me excitedly. And that's how I ended up as his deckhand for many years. The crew taught me all about trading on the high seas to become brilliantly wealthy. On my voyages I  yearned to hear about storied relics and dreamed of a day when I could sail my own ship to discover them. My days were happy and my belly was full there was so much more I wanted but for then I was content. But long after I had evened my debt to Sinbad I still stayed on, until he thought I had more to learn on my own. That's when I landed in Limsa Lominsa with hardly a pocket of coins and started my adventure.