You know that I saw Robyn one of my closest friends, she has done a lot for me. She really had my back when she didn't have to and because of that I deeply trusted her despite her reputation and despite my deep rooted cynicism. We are a lot a like in most ways. Outspoken and hard, whatever. She can be vindictive and cruel BUT from what I saw it was always to people who had it coming, people who crossed her first in an over the top way. Sometimes she crossed lines like sending people's nudes around and things like that but I was never a part of those situations and kept my nose out of it. 

I consider myself very reasonable and assumed her to be the same because of the way she carried herself. The other day she invited me to a private server with Diva, Chiyoko, and some other girl "Sadako". Jess and Chi are also good friends of mine, and I am considerably close with Chi. I join the server and I don't say much. I would show the conversation but Robyn deleted the server to make everyone feel guilty, so. I mostly sent "..." or faces like "= =;;" because I was being teased. Sadako started to talk shit to me, saying things like "this is why I like girls", "I just hate people" she called me a bitch and a lot more. 

I am not stupid, I like to think that I read tone very well, even through text. She was being an annoying bitch, she wasn't being playful, she wasn't being funny. We just didn't click, I guess my silent attitude rubbed her the wrong way. I wasn't too bothered by it admittedly, it's fresh air since girls usually throw themselves at me. It wasn't a huge deal, it was more like a thorn in my side more than anything. Eventually I just left the server because she continued on to an extent that just made her obnoxious. E v e r y t h i n g she said was pointed at me and vile. I couldn't say anything without a retort from her. 

Anyway, I left, I didn't care much. Then Chi sends me screenshots of her -still- talking about me, saying that since I told her to shut up she wasn't going to have mercy. I didn't even do it to be mean, it was one of the first things I actually said to her and it was because she teased me. It wasn't malicious. Then Chi defended me by saying that I didn't need or want her mercy and Jess added that I talk to everyone like that. Sadako went on to say that she didn't even notice I left because I was so unimportant and when Chi came to my defense, Sadako left a paragraph calling me a puppeteer and even said "people who are given the gift of life sure know how to waste it" very obviously taking more shots at the both of us. Just heaps of disrespect. 

Here is Sadako continuing to talk about me after I left.
https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/469618774652223499/469774317069008897/unknown-5.png?width=254&height=594
https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/469618774652223499/469774317069008896/unknown-6.png?width=517&height=596
https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/469618774652223499/469774317530644493/unknown-8.png

OBVIOUSLY SHE WAS TALKING ABOUT ME.

So I am annoyed now and I rejoin the server, I didn't even "come for her throat" all I said was /squints what do you mean a puppeteer? I told her that her tone with me was very much pointed and if telling her to shut up is what triggered her then she /really/ isn't going to like me. It wasn't even that bad. She didn't respond, so I dropped it and started talking to Chi about other things. I sent Robyn some screenshots asking what her issue was but she wasn't available all day.

Robyn gets back to me finally and this is how it went.

All three of you are too selfish and petty to get to the root of a problem in a server I made to talk with my close friends. Inconsiderate, all of you. I'm deleting tea house, so I thank all of you for the reminder that my friends are too petty for me to enjoy in one place. I'll talk to you guys whenever I feel less.. I dunno, irrelevant? I'll considered?

á´€á´ á´‡Êá´€ - Today at 9:02 PM
I didn't even do anything.
...
Alright.

ğ“ á¶¸áµ‹áµ‹á¶° :gift_heart: ğ‘ - Today at 9:03 PM
Stop. Sadako said what she said because she's insecure about not having friends.

á´€á´ á´‡Êá´€ - Today at 9:03 PM
That's not an excuse.

ğ“ á¶¸áµ‹áµ‹á¶° :gift_heart: ğ‘ - Today at 9:03 PM
But you'd know that if you two asked, and she explained. All are at fault.

á´€á´ á´‡Êá´€ - Today at 9:03 PM
Why would I ask why I'm being attacked? I'm not her mommy. I don't even know her.

ğ“ á¶¸áµ‹áµ‹á¶° :gift_heart: ğ‘ - Today at 9:04 PM
I'm fucking heated at the disrespect toward me for fighting in a server I made because I wanted to hang with my friends and have fun.

á´€á´ á´‡Êá´€ - Today at 9:04 PM
I'm not giving her respect when I wasn't given any, I don't work that way.
I won't come to you about it anymore.
But I was disrespected.

ğ“ á¶¸áµ‹áµ‹á¶° :gift_heart: ğ‘ - Today at 9:04 PM
You and Key just up and went at her throat without asking for an explanation. By respecting me, you would have.
Same with sadako.
Or y'all would've just left?

á´€á´ á´‡Êá´€ - Today at 9:05 PM
I did leave but she kept talking about me, called me a puppeteer. So I came back to defend myself.
I didn't do shit but defend myself.

ğ“ á¶¸áµ‹áµ‹á¶° :gift_heart: ğ‘ - Today at 9:05 PM
Like I didn't make a server to have my friends in for me to come home and see everyone having a bullshit fight over some stupid irrelevant shit nobody cares about.

á´€á´ á´‡Êá´€ - Today at 9:06 PM
She came at me sideways as fuck and I don't give a damn what she is insecure about. That's not MY problem, don't take your shit out on me for NO REASON.
I could understand if I was really rude or something but?
I sent dots and faces and one shut up because I was teased.
Then got a barrage of what?
Because she hates people?
Okay?
I only sent you what I did to laugh about it, "this bitch" not to have you take action.

ğ“ á¶¸áµ‹áµ‹á¶° :gift_heart: ğ‘ - Today at 9:07 PM
I don't care. You should've asked why but instead you and Sin went after her, putting all of you at fault. If it was just sadako as a problem, I'd have removed her. But no, now I've gotta get rid of the whole damn thing because ALL of my friends are too SELFISH, PRIDEFUL, AND PETTY.

á´€á´ á´‡Êá´€ - Today at 9:07 PM
I don't ask strangers why they disrespect me. If you're my friend, maybe.
I don't owe her anything.

ğ“ á¶¸áµ‹áµ‹á¶° :gift_heart: ğ‘ - Today at 9:08 PM
Then I suppose I just know not to invite any of you to another server again.
Goodnight.

á´€á´ á´‡Êá´€ - Today at 9:08 PM
Then don't, fine.
I don't take shit from anyone, I don't care what issues you have. Especially if you're someone I don't even know and it's uncalled for. I'm depressed as fuck to the point where I don't want to live anymore. Do I shit on other people I just met? No. Expecting me to GO TO HER a _complete stranger_ and coddle  her for an explanation is insane. I'm shocked. I don't fish for information like that anyway! I never have. I did absolutely nothing to deserve the shit I got from her. She was rude as fuck to me and Key only did what a good friend would do and came to my defense whether you think it's only because she likes me or not. We are friends too. What she did wasn't cool and what I said to her in response wasn't even that fucking bad. I think she'll live, maybe it'll serve as a lesson to think about the way she talks to people.
I'll be here some other time. I need to calm down.
I'm just gonna say though, I'd never let anyone get away with talking to you like that. I'm hurt honestly.

ğ“ á¶¸áµ‹áµ‹á¶° :gift_heart: ğ‘ - Today at 9:21 PM
I'm hurt that none of my friends have the decency to leave or resolve a situation before it escalates. Even Jess knew what Sadako said wasn't a shot, everyone was joking until you came in gungho.  But again, thank you for the sick reminder.

á´€á´ á´‡Êá´€ - Today at 9:21 PM
She owed ME an explanation. I shouldn't have to go to HER. Are you kidding? She wouldn't be insecure about the friends she has if she knew how to treat people.
And coddling her is only contributing.
I did leave as I already said.
Then she continued to talk about me while I wasn't there.

ğ“ á¶¸áµ‹áµ‹á¶° :gift_heart: ğ‘ - Today at 9:22 PM
Not from what I saw? In my own discord?

á´€á´ á´‡Êá´€ - Today at 9:22 PM
Yep. I got screenshots sent to me.
You don't go to other people for explanations or apologies when they do something to you. That is up to THEM.
What?

ğ“ á¶¸áµ‹áµ‹á¶° :gift_heart: ğ‘ - Today at 9:24 PM
Sadako only vaguely contributed to the conversation because Jess kept name dropping you? I'm literally looking at it right now.
And if I were in your server, and some stranger came at me, I'd ask what the fuck their problem is before going for the throat.

á´€á´ á´‡Êá´€ - Today at 9:24 PM
When I was called a puppeteer?
Because my friend defended me?
I did.
You weren't here.

ğ“ á¶¸áµ‹áµ‹á¶° :gift_heart: ğ‘ - Today at 9:26 PM
Um no? She wasn't even dissing you she was dissing Key.
I'm literally LOOKING AT IT.

á´€á´ á´‡Êá´€ - Today at 9:26 PM
Then say puppet.
Not like I am holding strings.

ğ“ á¶¸áµ‹áµ‹á¶° :gift_heart: ğ‘ - Today at 9:27 PM
So you're angry about a speech technicality that wasn't directed at you because you're nitpicking to justify fueling a fight in my sacred place?
You're fucking kidding me.
Again, petty selfish and prideful. All of you.
Don't fucking DM me about this again, it's not going to get anywhere.

á´€á´ á´‡Êá´€ - Today at 9:28 PM
I am not nitpicking? Nothing she said was funny or lighthearted and if it was she's not very good at it. That's like the friend that makes fun of things that just aren't funny. When I left the server and came back and I tried to ask her about it "your tone was pointed" instead of saying that she didn't mean it, she just got quiet.
She had the chance to defend herself.
She didn't.
And when someone feels like you've wronged them or you've been rude, _you don't get to decide if it's rude or not._
You make it right.
You don't get to expect other people to come to you about it either.
They didn't do it, _you_ did.

ğ“ á¶¸áµ‹áµ‹á¶° :gift_heart: ğ‘ - Today at 9:29 PM
Much like you think you shouldn't