I had my fair share on this game, time to talk.

Since the topic of two sisters getting along 'to well' was really tempting for me,
I gave this whole thing a shot. I just started playing Visual Novels so this one is one of the first I ever touched.

Also I'm lesbian so maybe that feeds my arguments on this whole thing...

SO! Review time!

Like mentioned we are talking about a visual novel, focussing on the love of two sisters. Obviously its completely uncommon and forbbiden. You will have to read yourself through the cold start, the warm continuation and the hot damn outcome of this love story.

The protagonists - being Iris... a cutiepie, good student, lighthearted girl and raised under good circumstances and the 'antagonist' Zoey... a typical music-
driven girl, harsh, not giving a f**k about anything (Except Iris. Ha. Im funny.)

Having that summary out of the way its time to give my personal opinion, judging by honest feelings and own err... experiences.

The pace the game is playing with is really amazing. Sometimes I had the feeling one scene wouldnt peak the way it could have, but thats just the smallest part.

While the game starts of innocent, it sure knew how to make me root for each of the girls. Then, when everything tightens - especially certain body parts - I couldnt
keep myself from not-playing until the very, very satisfying ending.

The game contains drama, some lovely humor, a lot of cuteness and a really... REALLY moving story. I remember crying, laughing and bleeding out of the nose in an unhealthy amount. 

Overall
The love-part itself is amazingly done. I recognized a lot of the scenery for myself. Its
bittersweet, but also adorable to watch this girls going through the rough fact, that
they love each other and how they are going to deal with it. The writing? Holy damn,
well done. The girls are very lively, each situation is written perfectly and the author exactly knew how to break down things. Very detailed. Very... gooooood...

Art
I guess it could have some plus. BUT it was still very well drawn, providing you with
a lot of eyecandy while reading the novel. Since I played with the 18+ mod because I am
a complete pervert and wanted to get the full load of feelz I also can say that part
is very well done, too. I couldnt... look away. ALSO! ITS FRIGGIN ANIMATED!!!! KYAAAAA!!!! heartsheartshearts

Music
Okayish! Nothing to brag about, really. But fitting and not annoying at all. Its fine!

... in the end...
... after finishing the game I felt a wonderful sensation, everything went perfect, the story
started, went on and ended in one big pile of passion. There was nothing off about this
game and I am truly happy to have experienced it as like the second Visual Novel ever played.

For anyone not knowing either to buy it or not... DO IT! I love it beyond any boundaries.
And I feel dirty paying only 9,99€ for it, this is way to less for the amount of BOOM me and my body went through.

Have a nice day, people... and let the ribbon of love embrace your heart hearts