rips rank corner

hello

1) mkchikin wit myonese: the michikins are blazing hot right now after owning leafy last week. the glaring issue is that somebody seems to be assassinating key team players, making this burger a little darker than i would like. the good news is that they are led by the shining star cmc, who will carry this team to their first ever championship thanks to opposing teams shitting the bed.

2) maclin on chicks: This team honestly rules. with an amazing draft and godlike waiver pickups I don't see many of us even putting up a decent fight. jayhawk has really shown to us this season that he has a huge brain and knows football and we are all just living in his world. 

3) filthy raghead: my friend slicer has had an unfortunate season so far however by the powers combined of his squad i think he will pull through. led by honorary mcchicken theilen id say his starting roster is the best overall. if he were to drop sanu he could challenge for the #2 spot. ps can we play chel or something for once its been a month get off ark plox

4)milky: the milkmen are comign fast and furious and i dont think they will be stopped. milky has somehow rallied his team to multiple victories after looking like an early 2nd favorite contender to win the shirt. ezekiel, a true man of god leads this team to the promised land week after week, and after somehow beating jayhawk to the waiver wire to snag the chubster, hes got a chance every week. can he deliver another fresh bottle this week to the neckbeards? who know

5) the long snappers: this team has been hanging around the top of the standings all darn year and its no coincidence. led by the physical specimen john brown, he is poised to breakout the last few games of the season and secure a rightful playoff spot among this years top dogs. losing selfish no good ape leveon bell for nothing sucks, however there is still a decent enough squad here to challenge every week for a close win. 

6) deez nuts: after being absolutely embarassed by the chikins last week, its a surprise i find the nuts here at number 6. it looks like the dj trade may have paid off as he is being fed the ball. having not watched any arizona games i could be wrong but either way hes getting ff points which puts leafy in decent shape week to week. this should be the last week the boner gets benched as he continues to smash the all time receiving touchdown record in a season by a black tight end. leaf goes up against the raghead this week which will be an absolute slugfest

7) neckbeards: nobody is sure if spaz is setting his lineup or if he gave his password to somebody else but here we are. it turns out not giving a single fuck and instead spending leisure time riding dinosaurs is a viable ff strategy, so props to that. riding a 2 game losing streak however doesnt look good and i could see the beards dropping out of the top half by seasons end. will gurley be enough to propel this week smoker to the loffs? who know 

8) dads: "this is a victory celebrated by dads around the world". noob said something like that after his massive win a couple nights ago and this brought a tear to me eye. it sounds like he is truly playing for all the fathers out there who arent given their rights. despite missing the first 3 rounds of this years draft, noobs team has managed a few wins and could very well battle doc by seasons end for the shirt. godspeed

9) blueberries: doc himself has said this season it's just not in the cards. funny how this season we have also wised up to the slime (thinking). after getting straight dumped on by noob last week, doc will be looking to play spoiler at 3-7/ he still has some pretty good players and could hang with most teams week in and out, and dropping overlord mr.brady was a long time coming, however that is bad karma. the good news is he, stil has his other league with a RAW team, and i cant wait to see how he does in the playoffs in that league kappa. 

10) joes depot: well well well. we all saw this coming. truth be told billy is ranked low because this is my retaliation to him being rude to me for no reason the past couple months. i honestly dont even think we are even friends anymore which makes me a little upset. anyways, jokes on him, because he is ranked dead last after an embarrassing loss last week (snap snap). newsflash: its not opposite day. you will be moved up the ranks on the following conditions. 1) win your next game 2) stop being mean.