Summary of Terms  

 Introduction    

 

The PramGo website and App are operated by TheGoGroup Limited a company registered in England under company number 1149486 and whose registered office is Suite 1705 Michigan Tower Point, Manchester, M50 2HB.   

PramGo is a 24/7 booking platform that allows new and existing parents and customers to book, schedule and pay for Partner daycare services online, we also offer for our Nurseries/Partners, the use of our online CRM booking software allowing them to add, remove and amend new bookings. PramGo is responsible for arrangement of all bookings via the PramGo Website, Booking Widget or Mobile Apps.    

PramGo is a subsidiary of The GoGroup Limited and is registered in England and Wales at 69-71 Rochdale Road, Manchester, M4 4HU with Company Registration Number 11163263.  

For pre-paid bookings we will collect payments from the customer directly on behalf of the Partner. Once payment is received we shall release the payment minus the commission at the agreed term of payment.  If customers decide to Pay at Venue, we will outline the payment details on the next invoice and announce a deduction of payment. Invoice statements usually will be sent fortnightly or at a date set and agreed between both Partner and PramGo. Note – There are no monthly subscription or set up fees.  

Once invoice statement has been received, PramGo will pay money owed within 5 days of date of issued statement, via direct bank transfer.  

Where the commission owed to us for appointments using Pay at Venue (paid directly to you at your place of business) exceeds the amount of money we owe you for appointments paid in advance, you may owe us money, we will ask that you pay us within 30 days of the date of the Invoice Statement. If you owe us less than £50, this will be carried forward to your next Invoice Statement.  

This agreement also grants us permission to continue receiving, deducting and paying any and all outstanding balances via agreed terms of payment.   

 

Commission Structure 

  

Booking Type 

Commission to PramGo 

Online Booking 

20%* 

Mobile App Booking 

20%* 

Booking Via Widget  

20%* 

Repeat Business/Booking Fee 

20%* 

Long Term Placement Fee 

£500 

Software Monthly Fee 

£19.99 pm** 

*VAT at standard rat is applied on all commission payments 

**Only applies to Partners after agreed period of free usage 

  

Cancellations  

 

For any appointment booked by us on behalf of a Partner, we will allow parents/customers to cancel up to 24 hours before the appointment (or upon another timescale as agreed between us and a Partner). In the event of a cancellation, we will refund your parent/customer in full, and you will not be paid for that booking. Fixed Term Agreement  

By agreeing to these terms, you agree that PramGo, for a period of 24 months, can advertise your products and services, take payment on your behalf for those products and services, use your salon and/or business name and logo in our marketing and on our website and mobile applications. You also agree that, you will fulfil all appointments that we bring you’re your business or cancel those appointments with at least 24 hours’ notice.  

This agreement will renew automatically for a period of 24 months at the end of the fixed-term, to cancel this agreement, you must give us no less than 30 days’ written notice before the end of the fixed-term.  

 

Long Terms Placement 

PramGo offers the ability for clients to take on children on a permanent basis, for example on a long term contract or rolling contract. This allows childcare providers to offer regular slots to parents and children. 

Where a child/parent is introduced to a childcare provider by PramGo, for a period of 1 months (starting on the date of the introduction or the last booking) a `Long Term Placement` fee will be payable where: 

The childcare provider and the parent/child enter into a verbal or written agreement for the provision of regular childcare intended to last 4 or more weeks. 

The childcare provider and the parent enter in to an agreement to provide childcare outside of the PramGo system on 3 or more occasions in any three-month period. 

 

Within the duration of the agreement you are prohibited to use any other online booking platform that may cause a conflict of interest between all parties.